Loved playing Dirt 2 and I thought the graphics were good.  Purchased Dirt 3 as an addition to the other...and the graphics are absolutely "Gorgeous"  If you liked Dirt or Dirt 2...you are going to love Dirt 3.  The game was easier to configure with my Logitech wireless rumblepad...and with my EVGA GTX 580, and all detail set to full on graphics at 1920 x 1080 I get over 100 fps.  The game looks good, plays well and is a blast!
I'm not quite finished with the game's DiRT Tour mode, but I believe I've experienced the bulk of what the game has to offer.  And I'm happy to say that the game is indeed awesome.  Great cars, great tracks and racing modes, excellent gameplay and graphics.  The highlight has been racing in the snow on various tracks in Aspen.  There are also some really cool obstacle courses on pavement, which are new to the series.At first, I felt that the game was plagued with the same difficulty spike DiRT 2 had, where you can win any race without trying on casual difficulty, then lose big time on medium.  Then I found the custom difficulty settings where you can choose from 5 levels of challenge, then pick and choose from all the other assists and handling options.  Basically, you can let the game play itself by just holding the throttle and steering, or take gradual steps to reach what you feel works best for you.  Love this feature!  Sadly, there is no option to increase the 360 controller's dead zone or adjust the sensitivity.  I'm doing ok as is, but some tweaking would be ideal.Much like the previous two games, the handling is a bit flighty.  But that's speeding on loose ground for you.  Still, I feel things have tightened up somewhat since DiRT 2.  Still no cigar, but it's a step forward.  The game runs as smooth as silk on my 560ti wih all the settings maxed.  No issues whatsoever.  If you enjoy racing games, this is not one you should ignore.  It's the best DiRT so far.
I have been playing car racing games since their early beginning on PC. I currently have a logitech G25 force feedback wheel to play with.I have played most of the Colin Mc Rae, Need for speed, Grid and Dirt2 games before. I also tried my hands at more simulation oriented games like GTR, GTR2, GP Legends...Dirt2 came in as a nice and pleasant surprise. Dirt3 tops it off.As I am sure many will detail everything about this game, I will limit myself to the most important points for me.Pros:- Amazing graphics- Amazing physics- Challenging but entertaining racesCons:- Gymkhana- InterfaceWhat went through the conceptors mind about gymkhana? Racing is not easy for most but gymkhana is really a pain in the neck.I saw the videos of Ken Block on Youtube and indeed he is really impressive. Am I even dreaming of doing the same? No!Racing require good racing skills to start but Gymkhana requires a perfect control of the vehicles and most of us will never achieve such level. So I find the attemps slightly pointless and extremely frustrating.Now, what about the interface? Simply put, it does not remotely compare with Dirt2's interface. It is messy, I had to search online to figure out where to find my best times. There are not enough info about the cars, the races, the sponsors... It leaves a lot to desire. A complete miss.Conclusion:As far as rallye racing. This game is the best out there today.If you are one who needs crazy challenges, try the gymkhana and good luck!In spite of my criticism, I definitely do not regreat this purchase.
Dirt 3 on DVDi collect racing games so had to add this to my collectionSon wated one also.
lot of people don't like RALLY because they already tried gran turismo game. to tell you the truth gran turismo RALLY physic is just boring boring boring. gran turismo only good for racing simulation but RALLY part is suck!!!!  dirt 2 amazed me how much fun it was and now dirt 3 with 3 time more race tracks than dirt 2.  MUST BUY!!!!!!!!!!
This is a must have for any gamer. Codemasters really hit a home run on this one. I would like to see F1 2011 be this good using the ego engine 2.0 and the physics model in this game is right on the money. This game is the reason everyone should buy the best graphics card they can afford. I am using a nvidia 460 overclocked, and I have on order a 590. I want to run this game with everything on highest level. I swear to you that even with the 460 + , the graphics are very realistic and I really enjoy racing at ground level. This game makes Codemasters the king of graphics realism. BUY THIS GAME !!!!!December 6, 2011  I saw my review of the Internet and wanted to update it for you. First of all anyone with this program, BUY the extra environments and cars. It is money well spent and a first class job of an addon. I wanted everyone to know that this program is still the top of the heap in graphics. I bought Battlefield 3 and it is good, but not the standard of the ego 2 engine. Codemasters are the king of graphics so far and I find that the more realism a game has, the more adicted you will become. No other program running with all variables to the max, looks like Dirt 3. Thank God for codemasters and I can hardly wait for GRID 2 in the summer.
I bought this microphone to further enhance my Rock Band experience.  I was not disappointed.  It kept in tune well (which was a problem I saw with other microphones) and was light enough to not be a burden of any kind.  I don't mind that it is not wireless, since I wouldn't move around much anyways.  Also, the fact that it doesn't have buttons didn't bother me, mainly because I don't mind using a controller to navigate.  I do think it could have been packaged better, but I don't fault the microphone for it.  Overall, a very simplistic, yet functional, design that works well.
I love it! Use it all the time. Really works perfectly with all games that you need a mic for.
Works great!Another cool thing, even if a song doesn't have "harmony" (parts for more than one singer) you can still do fake-harmony as all mics plugged in remain active.  However, the back-up singers will not be rated and will actually mess with the lead as the game doesn't differentiate what mic is being used for lead UNLESS there actually is a harmony part.  Meaning = if you're just singing to party, you can use all three mics on any song and they'll all just be treated as lead.  Pretty cool when you have a room full of mic hogs around the house like we do.  lol  It's just like when people would gang up all on one mic during a song, but now they actually feel like rock stars having their own mics.  For this reason, we just always keep all three mics plugged in and anyone can just pick one up and join in.  Just don't expect a good score ;-).
my grandkids (and their parents) love playing with the microphone along with the guitar we got.this really is a lot of fun for everyone.  would totally recommend getting this if someone has an interest in music (singing)...
We bought this item for our Wii. It does not work at all for it. :-( So that was a disapointment. We did decide to keep it though because it works wonderfully on our x-box 360.
Great game! I love the storyline and graphics, as well as the fighting style. Minus the super long time it takes traveling the ocean, this game is a blast, and a must-have for any fan of the Zelda franchise.
I played the original Zelda as a boy.  I've enjoyed a lot of good times playing this updated version with my 10 yr. old son.  Great adventures and game play, and luckily we can find tips for problems we confront on the internet.  Very well designed game that is user friendly.  Awesome.
lookin for a rpg? this is the game for you. filled with many hours of gameplay to find all the hidden items. casual gameplay, unless you try to collect everything, then it's hardcore. good controls and challenging puzzels give this game its rateing.
Ocarina was almost beyond word. But this is a cruising, powerful, and fun rival! The worst thing about it is the seemingly endless confusing ocean. I do not look forward to trying to finger out witch Island I have to go to in which order (as I think there is an order). But I ignore all that for now and just enjoy the wonderful game. cruising blue waters, mystery, dungeons... And I still enjoy exploring the Islands.
My oldest grandson loves this game. I can remember playing it when I was young and it was good back then but even better now.
This product is very good and works fine. Buy it if you want it. it lets your we display in HD format of 480p which looks alittle better than normal Av cable it comes with. To the untrained eye you might not even notice the diffrence.
This was exactly what was needed and has worked flawlessly since being received. I recommend it, if you need one.
i got this to hook up me will to my 72inc h/d tv it set it up to 1080i not 1080p but besides that it's a grate cable!!!
The movers packed my Wii cables in a separate box so I couldn't find them. I ordered this as it would be quicker and I wasn't disappointed. It is inexpensive and it works. I did have my Wii setup manual so it was no problem to get up and running right away. Sometimes you get what you pay for, and sometimes it is better.
The most amazing graphics you could see! If you own a flight simulator yoke and/or throttle quadrent you can make your gaming experice easier. The Crash effects may not show in trailers or videos, but in the actual game you can see the damage. I higly recomend to purchase this product. Happy Sailing! To Reader: THIS IS NOT A LITTLE LITTLE KIDS GAME IT IS COMCLACATED!
This game is a good way on getting at the helm of the RMS Titanic and I am very well satisfied with it. I do hope that any of you who does decied ot buy it will also enjoy it.
I still have my silicone protective case and it hasn't let me down a single time! Very durable, high quality and hasn't rip at all!
covers the controller more then others and is pretty durable, great grip to it as well and keeps its color, looks solid.
nice skin for xbox controllers makes them more slip free and smooth softer too good deal and nice stuff try one.
I'm revising my earlier review. i had only rated my transaction 3 stars previously due to shipping problems. After the seller contacted me to do what they could to help with the problem I have to reconsider. They contacted me promptly and went above and beyond in their effort to make me happy. Thank you. This was the second case I've purchased and would recommend it to anyone. Thanks again.
I've bought these before.  They slip right on and unless you get one with an obvious defect, they should last for years.  These are a must have if you are afraid of your kids messing up your controllers.  Then again, maybe they should get their own! lol.
Put on my controllers so it would like not get wear and tear and they are great! BUY! THEM!! AMAZING.
My brother had one of these for the longest time so I used his until he wanted it back.  I found this a lil while ago and have been loving it ever since, giving the controller much needed grip and makes holding it for long gaming sessions much more comfortable.
Easy install and feels great. The skin fits really well and functions properly. I did have to trim up around the triggers because they moved around while I used them, but after that it was perfect.
My son loves it he says it makes it more comfortable and easier on his hands for those marathon Black Ops 2 sessions.
As soon as I slipped this on my controller, I knew that I'd never take it off!!  It makes the controller much more comfortable in your hands, and does not slip if you play for a long time and tend to get sweaty fingers!
I really like this skin. It makes the controller nicer to play with, and looks nice as well.Yes, i would recommend this to a friend.
Considering its just a rubber cover for the XBOX 360 controller, actually, it's made well...and the price--not bad at all. Excellent product for an excellent controller.
Unlike others on this site, these fit very good and the material is durable, which is of utmost importance to me.  I'm glad I found this item.
put this on my controller no hand cramps after 7 hours of all night gaming. if you want to make the controller a little bigger and easier to hold this is what you want.
It works perfectly! Nothing is wrong with it.
Not sure what you can really write about this item, it works fine... I use it on the Wii to play Gamecube games and it works great and fast, but the Gamecube was always much faster than PS2 anyway...
Bought this for an old  gamecube i recently won in an auction.  Seems to work just fine, purchased a few more since it works and the price is right.
Works great with my game cube. I haven't tried it with a wii, but by the description, it should work there too.
just right! works great , I' ll be ordering again laters! hope you will still be there then! see you!
This is a great and cheap memory card. It is what it is.....it is compatible for Wii and gamecube its 64 MB 1019 block memory. If you need one , but it.Great product.
Works great.  Cheap price and way more memory than on the Nintendo make.  Really great for you retro fans out there.
Works perfectly for the game cube I purchased. Came very quickly and i would buy this again when i need to.
One of the largest memory cards for the gamecube. It works great and loads fast. No need for formatting at all.
I bought this because I recently bought a gamecube for old times sake. This memory card works great, and was one of the cheaper cards.
The product was just as the picture and works fine.  It is long enough to play comfortably at a distance.  There is no delay in control using this product.
My nephew wanted an older gamecube game to play in our Wii. Once I purchased the game for him, we found out that the Wii controllers won't work with the gamecube games when played in the Wii. After doing a little research, I realized we needed the classic gamecube controller and a gamecube memory card. Once we got both of those, the gamecube game that we bought finally worked! After playing the game for a bit while being &#34;tethered&#34; to the Wii system because of the cable for the controller, we decided we needed extension cables to have a bit more freedom. So we got these controller extension cables. He is happy!
And now I can sit back far enough to see my entire TV and avoid wielders burn in my retina.  So simple, yet so obvious a necessity given how freaken short the big &#34;N&#34; made their controller's cords.  Buy them now and heal your spine!
These are great. If you have a wii and use your GameCube controllers these are a must have. I can sit on the couch and not have to lean in towards the console and have the freedom to move around. They're perfect.
I play Brawl and Melee all the time with my siblings and friends, and sitting squished together 3 feet from the tv was a pain. So I got these cables because it was cheep and could solve most of our problems with this, even if it did not look like they would last long from some of the reviews. but when i got these they worked great and did not seem cheap at all. I expected there to be lag with the controls, but there wasn't. They have survived a month of intense fighting and are still in top-notch condition. These are great if you need room or do not like sitting 3 feet from the screen.
I bought these to extend the length of the game cube controller reach. Everyone that uses these has no issues with poor controller reaction times and can sit just about anywhere to play.
Works exactly as advertised. Bought these along with a 2-pack of controllers for the GameCube, as my TV is a ways away from my couch and i wanted to play multi-player with my wife. The controller plugs into the extension cable about as snugly as the controller (and the other end of the extension cable) plugs into the GameCube, which is to say plenty snug enough to keep it in while moving the controller and cable around semi-violently, but not snug enough to keep a controller attached after being thrown across the room (just an example). One major concern I did have when I bough these was the possibility of lag due to the signal from the controller having to travel farther. This concern was unwarranted, as I have noticed no difference in response time either way. On durability, I've had these for almost 2 years and they haven't shown any noticeable signs of wear. Throw in a reasonable price ($4 when I bought it from Amermedia in 2012) and this is a heck of a deal for people that need a product like this. I would recommend.
At 6 feet and at 4 dollars each its a good deal, ive seen some other cables for much more and these work just fine, i like that theyre black  and they connect into the controller with ease. buy it with confidence.
This Cable extender worked great! I used it when and had absolutely no problems with it at all! It adds a good 6ft of extra cable length. I tried hooking two together and I found no extra input lag using these cables.Great if you need the extra cable!
With the amount of interference I kept getting with the wireless controllers, I was stuck far too close to the TV to enjoy many of the visual aspects of the classics. This cable extension cord made playing some of my old Gamecube games just as fun as the day it came out. A big must have if you can't get the wireless format to work properly.
i bought the 2 x Wii Gamecube GC Extension Cable Cord  but after a few uses, it started working wrong, duplicating signalsif i press A in the controller, the game detects A being pressed two times, this is for all buttons,  without the cord the error is no longer there.
They're awesome cables though!  They work great and add those several feet you always seem to lack.  Now I can play my Gamecube games on my Wii from the couch!  No batteries to change!
I purchased these for my Wii as Nintendo no longer produces Wavebird controllers by virtue of them being sued by a patent owner over the technology. I didn't want to pay for a used Wavebird on eBay, so I bought some of these. I sit back from my HDTV about 9 feet so I needed these for the wired Gamecube controllers and they work very well. Even with Mario Kart Wii, there is some lag with the Wavebird, but there is no lag with these extension cables. Highly recommended!
I can now sit on the couch to play instead of putting a chair in front of the TV. There are no problems.
For people who still have a GameCube, but don't have a wireless controller (don't bother, you'll be disappointed because none of them come with the damn adapter,) these cords are fantastic. I can take my controller all over the house with them if I please, and they don't cause lag or short out to any degree I can tell. They're not shoddily-made and have lasted well so far. I'd buy them again.
These awesome-sauce things make any GC controller as far extended as a wavebird. Given these days any games I have time to play are all via the Wii anyway, having the extra length for GC controllers is great.
I bought 2 sets of this product (so 4 cables total). I was not disappointed. They all work perfectly and they accomplished what I bought them for. I have 2 big screen TV's and the 2 rooms I use for these have couches that sit back a lot further than the standard gamecube controller cord would reach. Hook 1 of these extensions up to each controller and problem solved. I also like the length because I still had room to go back farther but this allowed each cord to rest on the ground so there is less of a tripping hazard for those people that never fail to walk in front of everyone and don't pay attention to the cords. They even work for Bongos so that is a nice feature to be able to move the bongos back as well for those games.
I always hated how Gamecube controller's cords were so ridiculously short. Since I use them on my Wii now, it is much more hazardous for my Wii if someone trips over the short cables. This was a perfect solution to my problems. So far I haven't had any problems with them and they allow me and my friends to not sit 6 ft away from the Wii. Another great thing about these is that you can plug them end on end to make a longer cable.
This isn't a particularly deep product. They are wire extenders to be used for the Nintendo Gamecube controllers. They come in a pack of two which is fantastic for the cheap price. They extend approximately 6 feet in length, and with the already fairly long wire on the Gamecube controller already, these come in handy if you need to sit somewhat far away in a regular sized room. I have had no trouble with these at all as they function properly and connection just as easily to any controller. Getting these beats paying the higher price for the Wavebird wireless Gamecube controllers. I'm on a budget so I'll just stick with a wired controller, no big deal.
The gamecube controller wire is length has always been annoying. Once got these that solved that problem. They work great, fit right, and do not cause any controller lag. Great buy.
this really cam in handy we need a extra length for the controller and it was perfect exactly what we needed.
These extenders work as expected. I bought them when I wanted to buy Double Dash for the game cube to play on my Wii. If you're used to playing the Wii, you probably sit much further away than a standard GC controller will reach, so definitely pick some of these up.
haven't play for long time and love this game as enjoy play. it good play game I guess well alright.
So glad I ordered this game, it was like nostalgia overload of awesome, it helps that it was in PERFECT condition with the case and booklet and got here super fast. One of the best RPGs I have ever played. And just a heads up, you totally can not beat the two unicorn bad guys in the beginning no matter what the internet tells you so don't wast 20 hours trying to.
Breath of Fire III's old-school graphics capture the feel of old RPGs, and how good they were, playing on NES and Super NES, back in the old days. Now  I still play SNES, playing such good games as Super Godzilla, Breath of  Fire I, and the Final Fantasy series. The storyline goes as follows--Ryu is  a survivor of an ancient race of dragons, the Brood, which nearly destroyed  the world. However, he is a good dragon. He allies himself with Yraall  Region thieves, Rei and fellow dragon Teepo, who at the time doesn't know  he's a dragon. He aligns himself with the young Princess of Wyndia,  Princess Nina, and the daughter of a smart scientist, Momo, a mutated  vegetable named Peco who has a lot of significance at the end of the game,  and a Guardian of Urkan Tapa who's race once fought and defeated the  dragons in a war, Garr. Together they quest to find Ryu's origin and other  members of his race, and to find out if Ryu is evil or not. With beautiful  music, surroundings, and a great storyline, this is one of the best RPGs of  all--with many mini-games abound and a fantastic battle system. Definitely  get this if you're a fan of Capcom RPGs.
Love the game thanks!This game is great from the look and the level of detail and the combat. Thanks.
This game is one of my all time favorites, I give it a 10/10 in the RPG genre.  It is a turn based RPG, that is fun to play.  I own this game for the PSP and the now the PS1.  This game is a rare find in good condition.  If you find a better RPG than this, besides the final fantasy games of course, let me know!
Breath of Fire III is one of those games that can induce a trance of nostalgia upon thought.  I can say this about few games because most are powered by processors that reflect obsession with graphics and innovation.  Innovation is necessary, and appreciated, but games like BOF3 need never disappear.  It caters to the old-time gamer in all RPG veterens, delivering a simplistic save the world storyline and involving gameplay.  And what gameplay!  It's simplicity and charm will, hopefully, impress those who give it a chance because it is very deserving of credit.  Last, I must mention the fishing system.  It's incredibly addictive, simple, and enjoyable.  Nothing else could more easily describe it.  Throw in about another hundred fish and a wider variety of rods and bait, and you'd have a full game that I would have to own!  It's that good.  For everyone: whether an RPG-newbie or a hardcore veteren, you should give this game a chance.  Fun doesn't begin to describe it.
Many may disregard the Breath of Fire series as just another RPG but Capcom has done a beutiful Job with this title.  They pulled out a lot on this case.  Beutiful 2D graphics that only Capcom can do, good music, simple controls make this an excellent purchase.  Chances are you may find this at a good price somewhere so I say go for it.
&quot;Breath of Fire 3&quot; is a very interesting and well made game.  The plot is pretty good, and the characters are interesting and memorable.  One thing I do miss from the older &quot;Breath of Fire&quot; is the way they transformed into dragons; the process in the current game is excellent (I just prefer the older methods).  My favorite part of the game is that you start off playing a young version of the character, and then later in the game, you get to play a more mature version of the same character.  This game is a lot of fun and suitable for most people who enjoy the genre.
Street Fighter is perhaps the definitive fighting game series. Should you feel it necessary to buy absolutely every individual cartridge/disc of the six games contained on the two SF Collections, then do so and spend a ton of cash. They are all excellent titles, but the two collections of a game that defined the fighting genre are perfect. Street Fighter Collection, the original that is in the spotlight, is actually the more up-to-date one. While it does not contain the original Street Fighter II, it does contain 3 classic Street Fighter games. First is Super Street Fighter II: The New Challengers, released on SNES and Genesis in 1994. It was mindbendingly good the first time I played it. It had a solid 16 fighters. All 8 from Street Fighter II, the bosses, plus 4 new characters never heard of before: Cammy, Dee Jay, Fei Long, and T. Hawk. You might think, "Oh wow, a new edition with new fighters. Never seen THAT before." Well, you're wrong. Super Street Fighter II did contain 4 new arenas (respectively the ones for the new fighters). It also had newly mixed music, newly animated profile shots, and newly animated backgrounds. Basically, it was a perfect upgrade. Super Street Fighter II Turbo is also included. It may seem like Super Street Fighter II with the speed like Street Fighter II Turbo, but it added something. Each character had one SUPER MOVE. From Ryu and Ken's Shinkuu Hadoken to Chun Li's Kikousho, they really gave a great new edge to the series. Akuma is even hidden in this upgrade. Also, the definitive of the three Street Fighter Alpha games, Street Fighter Alpha 2, gets upgraded to Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold Edition. Cammy is added on, and Evil Ryu becomes playable (YAY!). What's strange is that some of the cast gets an additional playability in their SFII:CE animation. So it's definetely worth picking this up...if you don't already have all three of these games for your SNES (Alpha 2 is also on the PS).
The one thing people are missing to consider about this game is that, if you notice, the collection is a collection indeed, and a fine one at that, but mostly shows how the Street Fighter series evolved.  If you note that it goes from Super Street Fighter II, to SSFII Turbo, to SF Alpha 2 gold.  Well, my point is that it shows in order how the series evolved to becoming more complex and technical with Super Combos added.  1st it starts with Super II, no supers at all, just classic, then goes to Super II Turbo, where the super combo made it's debut, and every body had only one super, then goes to Alpha 2 Gold, where it really shows what you can do with a super combo, plus more characters, and every body had atleast 2 super combos.Lets go over it:1st - classic with no supers lots of characters2nd - classic with supers making debut same amount of characters3rd - advance from 2nd with more characters and 2 supers for eachNot only that, but it's a classic game, mostly to me, just an example of the evolution of the series, if you are still looking for what you thought this game would be, get the 2nd one, otherwise, it's a wise decision to go with this one.
Looking anywhere else people will charge more than $80 for an old wonderful game like this. Classic games like these are hard to come by, wish I had traded in LESS of my games when I was young.
Megaman legends is capcoms answer to bringing Megaman into the 3d realm on the original playstation. However this game is extremly diffrent then any other megaman game out there. In fact it has a lot in common with zelda: ocarina of time and a few rpg elements such as final fantasy while still somewhat feeling like a Megaman game. Coming from the NES and SNES Megamans I never thought I would ever compare zelda and megaman together but surprisingly it works well. Its not the greatest  game or even the greatest megaman game ever but it is really fun in its own way.Most people do not like the graphics in this game but i think there done really well. The only problem graghicly is due to the early psx hardware most 3d games looked blocky and pixely at the time and this on tries to smooth things out kinda cel shadish but not quite this leads to some blockeness but its still better then most 1998 and before graphics. Kinda a 3d playable anime style to it. The sound isn't to bad in this game. Voice acting can be really good or painfully bad andThe music is catchy maybe not as much as the nes megamans but still good. However there is moments without any music. Technically speaking I would say the game has aged well.The thing I find most memorable about this game is the gameplay. Like I mentioned earlier this game takes megaman into zelda like enviorments with a few rpgs elements. There is a open world which was decent in size for its time, which the game takes place in a small town. There are dungeons to explore which you do so in order to find upgrades to your equipment. Speaking of which you can purchase and find diffrent armor and weopens with diffrent specs (attack, fire rate, etc) in a rpg like menu. With that being said it still manages to feel like a megaman game. There is plenty of missions of which you are running and gunning while jumping on platforms. The bosses while set up like zelda can be taken down easier by weopens you find around in dungeons.As for the story it isn't to bad. It is a little childish but its still pretty good. The characters while the voice acting can be off at times can be good are very memorable. Tron Bonne makes her debut here as a villian who became popular enough to get her own game misadventures of tron bonne and a apperance in marvel vs. capcom 2 and appearing without megaman in the 3rd. There is also a N64 port of this game which isnt as good but if you dont have a psx its still playable plus a sequel. Anyway while the hardcore 8bit megaman players may be turned off by this i would still recomend getting this game.
This game was very good. The first 3D megaman game to be released.
I remember playing this when I was 12. The story was great and I played it through more times than I can remember.
Megaman LegendsThis is my undisputed favorite game of all time. I bought it in 1998 or so because I had played and lovedMega Man 3for theNintendo NES System - Video Game Consolewhen I was young. This game was nothing like that game or any other Megaman games. It was in 3-D and had a story that would blow your mind. I have played through this game around 50 times and no every single part of it by heart.Graphics- 7/10The transition to 3-D for Megaman isn't an ugly one, but a decent one. Most of the trees have a 2-D look to them and a lot of characters are blocky. Still, you can tell what everything is easily and there is no slowdown at all. Not to mention, there is hardly any load time to wait through in this game.Story- 10/10You are Megaman Volnutt. Roll Casket and her Grandpa, Barrel Casket, have raised you since they found you when you were a child. Following Barrel's footsteps, Megaman and Roll become Diggers. Diggers are people who search through ruins, infested with Reaverbots, to find parts and other things. The main thing a lot of Diggers are looking for are Refractors, which are extremely powerful crystal-like objects that power society. The world is almost entirely ocean so people must use flying machines or boats to get around. Megaman, Roll, and Barrel crash-land their flying ship, The Flutter, on an island called Kattelox. You go on to discover the island's many secrets and fight off the treasure hungry pirates.Sound- 7/10The music and sound effects in this game are decent. Nothing will blow your mind away but nothing will annoy you to death. Some tunes even become catchy, like the Apple Market tune.Gameplay- 10/10You play as Megaman: exploring ruins, fighting pirates, and just helping people out. There are a lot of side quests you can do. You can join a secret gang, fill a museum with underground arts, help a little girl recover, play in game shows, and so much more. The main storyline has you exploring the Sub-Gate ruins in hopes to learn more about the Island's great treasure, or disaster. While in Sub-Gates you can find all kinds of items to do things with. It's not just in the Sub-Gates either; you can search in other digging sites for parts. You have a primary weapon called a Buster Gun, which can be upgraded with 2 buster parts initially. These buster parts can be bought or found and change different aspects of your Buster Gun's shooting. You have a secondary special weapon that can be equipped and upgraded as well. You will get many different special weapons in the game and one of the most fun parts of the game is upgraded your weapons to perfect ability.Difficulty- 4/10 (Note- This is how much I like the difficulty)Since this game is more story based, the difficulty is slight. There is hardly a time where you feel that you are going to die, minus a few bosses. Once you beat the original game, you can go back and play it on a new Hard Mode option. The game is still not that much more difficult but some of the bosses will give you more trouble. Also, to top it off, the game isn't that long. Even the player who likes to talk to every single person and gets lost often can still beat this game in less then 15 hours. That includes the main storyline and all side quests, minus special weapon upgrading. I can now beat the game on Hard Mode in around 5 hours.Overall- 10/10Despite the game being easy and not having the best graphics or sound, it's still 5 stars. The game's storyline and gameplay is so good that the rest doesn't even matter. You'll still find yourself going back and playing this game over and over again.
Mega Man Legends revolutionized The Blue Boy wander forever.Mega's 1st 3-D appearence.I strongly suggest that you buy this game.$15 is an awesome price.In the game,Mega Man is looking for the &quot;Mother Load&quot;,the greatest prize of &quot;Diggers&quot;.Mega Man also thinks that if they find it,it might help solve the mystery about Roll's past.In the game,you can find air shoes(the famous X &quot;dash&quot;)and the famous helmet.You start with Mega Man having no helmet,but thts cool. You can also get special weapons,like the sword and a drill.I would say this,and this only....BUY THIS GAME NOW!
Game works great, amazing story that brings back childhood memories, i love it!!! Awesome game to have that is old school.
Legends is one of the rare Megaman releases that takes place in a 3D world as opposed to the traditional 2D side scroller most MM fans are familiar with. Both Legends and Legends 2 are among some of the best made story driven 3D adventure games the PSX has in its massive and sometimes daunting library.
I already own this game but it's in terrible condition. This is due to me lending it out, which is something I certainly don't do anymore. My favorite Megaman game period, along with 2, I had to get it again. And I have no regrets. Besides, I have 2 copies of the game now: One with only case and disc that have seen their better days and a newer complete copy that reminds me of my original copy in its prime.
i love ryu i love wolverine, ryu invented the fire ball not goku, goku who? you could suuuuper juuump and throoow fire balls fire balls bring out your second character fire power.
I bought it to complete my set of Batman games for the PS1. I would recommend it to anyone who collects Batman games.
ive played this game on my pc when i was really young. i thought it was actually creepy (which i kinda still do). i just love the myst series and this is my favorite. i got it for ps1 to play on my ps3 and its still that awesome game i remember it as! the case i got it in was pretty broken, but its just a case. THAT can be replaced. i really wish they still made games like this.
Ever since I was young, I have been in love with the Tekken series. Brings back a lot of good memories. I bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun. Though the graphics aren't as top notch at games these days are, but it's still an entertaining game to play. If you collect either Tekken stuff or video games, this is a must own.
THIS GAME WAS GREAT. THOUGH IT DOESN'T COMPARE TO ITS ORIGINAL ARCADE MACHINE, THIS HOME VERSION IS NICE ANYWAY. THE FIGHTS ARE ALL FUN, THE GRAPHICS STILL LOOK FANTASTIC EVEN THOUGH THIS GAME IS NEARLY A DECADE OLD NOW, AND THE CHARACTERS ARE ALL GOOD AND THE STORYLINES ARE ALL INTERESTING. TO UNLOCK THE BOSSES [WHICH IS THE MAIN THING], YOU HAVE TO BEAT THEM ALL WITH THEIR ALREADY AVAILABLE COUNTERPARTS. THE FIRST TIME YOU BEAT HEIHACHI [WHICH IS THE MAIN BOSS FOR THIS GAME], YOU GET HIM UNLOCKED. BUT THE REST OF THEM, YOU HAVE TO PLAY AS THE COUNTERPARTS TO GET THEIR BOSSES. EVEN WITH THE PLAYSTATION 2 AND X BOX AND STATE OF THE ART SYSTEMS LIKE THAT ON THE MARKET, MANY OF THE GAMES THEY PUT OUT TODAY CAN'T COMPARE TO CLASSIC GAMES LIKE THIS! THIS IS ONE OF THE ALL-TIME GREATEST FIGHTING GAMES EVER AND I DARE SAY THIS MIGHT BE THE BEST OF THE TEKKEN SERIES. EVEN HAS GREAT MUSIC.
Never actually owned the original Tekken but I played it. Since I'm the best Tekken player in the universe, I've decided that I want to own the game that started it all....
From the cool first cutcene to the classic music that plays while picking a character, you know this is special.Don't just button mash, learn the combos because this is the only game(out of 100)that has made me curs at the TV. If you're a beginner, start of with someone with fast kicks like marchial Law and not Jack 2. BUY THIS because it's an ABSOLUTE CLASSIC.
I really like playing this game with my son. He has so much fun with it.
all i can say is that this game is a classic, possibly the best game ever made for the playstation 1.
Well, I just recently bought this game again, after finding it broken from unkown causes quite a few years ago. People keep on saying, "Tekken 2 has HORRIBLE graphics and the gameplay is horrible!", To those people, did you ever think that this game came out during the 90's and was probably awesome graphics back then? If you're a fan of good fighting games, I reccomend this. It has lots of characters, fair graphics, and is a good collectible for your Tekken collection.
Ever since I was young, I have been in love with the Tekken series. Brings back a lot of good memories. I bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun. Though the graphics aren't as top notch at games these days are, but it's still an entertaining game to play. If you collect either Tekken stuff or video games, this is a must own. This sequal is too good to miss out on. Buy it before it's gone for good.
THIS GAME WAS A VERY GOOD GAME. BUT THIS AIN'T AS GOOD AS TEKKEN 1. LIKE ITS PREDECESSOR, HAS GREAT GRAPHICS, GREAT LOOKING MOVES, AND GREAT BOSSES TO UNLOCK, WHICH GIVES YOU A REASON TO WANNA WIN THE GAME WITH EVERY CHARACTER. THE MUSIC IS GREAT HERE TOO. THIS IS A DEFINITE GEM. GET THIS AND ITS PREDECESSOR FOR THE ULTIMATE GAMING EXPERIENCE!!
Though this review may be 14 years 2 late,n my opinion TK2 is the best of the PS1 Tekken games.From the cool fmv intro 2 the ending credits TK2 is by far the best looking/sounding 3D fighting game on the ps1 console.TK3 backgrounds,music,fmv cinemas,light source shading,animations/combos just does'nt measure 2 the standards set by this 1996 classic and it was release 2 years later,go figure!
I remember Tekken 2 being one of my first fighting games I have ever played, and one that I kept coming back to. It wasn't just the nostalgia that kept me coming back, but the overall gameplay as well. Almost everything about this game was done right, and there is very little to complain about.Tekken 2 takes place 2 years after the events of the first Tekken. The plot isn't very well developed and isn't really involving, but everything else more than makes up for it. The graphics (for the time) were amazing and the animations were also nicely done. The roster includes 24 characters who are all unique and feel very well balanced. The game is very accessible and almost anyone can pick up this game and get a pretty decent grasp on it. The controls are simple and intuitive, and I always believed that this control scheme (each button controls a limb-ex. left punch, right punch) is one of the best for fighting games.For modes, you have your basic arcade mode which you complete to unlock new characters. You also have a vs. mode, a team battle mode (which is very enjoyable), a survival mode, a time attack mode, and a practice mode. All of these modes offer allot of replayability as it is easy to dump countless hours into any of these modes.The combat system is still excellent to this day. The amount of combos that each character can do is pretty substantial and you will discover new moves without being too overwhelmed. There also aren't really any cheap tactics unlike some of the more recent iterations of tekken (such as excessive juggling).Overall, this game is one of the best fighting games that I have ever played. With plenty of characters to learn, plenty of modes to choose from, amazing looking backgrounds, and a terriffic combat system, there is no reason to skip this game. If you still have a ps1/ps2, BUY THIS GAME. I recommend this game wholeheartedly, and you won't regret it at all.
This is my family,s favorite fighting game. From my six year old daughter on up to my 10yr. old son they love this game.  The graphics along with the sounds and moves are excellent also, there is a great character selection to choose from.
The sequel to the very popular Tekken, Tekken 2 takes everything that the original had and expands upon it. More characters, more levels, more moves, Tekken 2 is a classic and should be in the library of any fighting game lover.The combat in Tekken is one of best ever. There are so many possible combinations, it's almost impossible to remember them all. Each Tekken gets better and better. Another thing I love about this game is the music. It suits the stages, and characters, well.
Tekken 2 it the huge sequel to the best selling fighter, Tekken, this game includes advanced fighting and secret characters to die for. Not only theat, but it had a plethera of gameshark codes to make the game easier. this game also introduced the 10 hit combo, the automatic win. Namco has done it again and they have done it with flying colors, this game is a must have for the fighting fans.
Same goes for Tekken 2: played but never owned. Now that I'm officially the best Tekken player period, the urge to own all of them, even the first 2, just consumed me....
what is there to say. this game has everything you want in a fighting game! plenty of characters to choose from and the gameplay is top notch for a ps1 game. definitely one of my favorites!
This game works great on my ps3 I would recommend this game for all arial fighting game thanks again love you guys thanks.
This has got to be the best one of the playstation one series.Can't wait for my ps2 to arrive to continue the series,hopefully they will be better than Ace Combat 3 which was an utter disappointment.
This is an excellent game for spending some time on. I have played it before on a demo cd long ago so that's why I decided to buy it. It's about passing missions and destroying planes, bases, ships, etc. It find it very fun. The missions happen in different ambiences and time of the day which makes it more interesting. You can get new planes with different attributes according to what you want. A great title for the ps.
There seems to be a curse on Ace Combat akin to that on the Star Trek movies. And by that I mean that the odd numbered members of the series are forgettable, while the even numbered (save perhaps zero, but zero is the absence of value, right?) are stellar. Ace Combat 6. Awesome. Ace Combat 5. Uneven and over too quick. Ace Combat 4. Perfect. Ace Combat 3. Had half the missions removed for the U.S. release. Ace Combat 1 (Air Combat). Stone Age. And Ace Combat 2...If you're into classic gaming and love the Playstation (and especially if you love air combat games) this is a definite buy. The sheer imagination that was put into this game is wonderful. You have night missions, sea missions, desert missions, high-altitude missions, ravine missions, and oh-so-wonderful city-liberation mission.I've said it before and I'll say it again, there's more to graphics than just how many polygons you have and how detailed your textures are. Graphics, even low-res graphics, can and should be BEAUTIFUL. And beautiful this game is in all its Playstation polygon glory. The lighting, the jets, the far off cityscapes and the clouds in the sky, it's all just beautiful (to me at least). And better yet, unlike other air combat games of the era, everything moves at a rocketing speed. Even when you get close to the ground (where other games look like you're moving in slow motion), the game keeps a great sensation of speed.The controls are uniformly tight, utilizing the analog controls to the full. And you can bank and pitch completely upside down, something that many similar arcade-style games of the time don't allow. The game also features a wonderful cockpit view that brings you into the experience even more. There's also voice chatter as you go, some nice arcade style music, and full voice command briefings (nice). Of course you also hear "Bingo!" every time you hit a target and get a comment every time you miss too, but that's just keeping with the arcade feel. The enemy A.I. might not be as good as you can get now, but it's definitely good for when this game came out, and you can still get shot down if you play on hard and don't watch yourself.In my opinion this game was the first great console air combat game. If you love arcade style air combat games and play Playstation games, you just have to get this game.
This is a pretty fun game. if you like hardcore killing games then this is for you. this game rocks.
I've played this game when I first got the Playstation around the year of 1997. First Mature rated game and after all of these years I return back to the dungeon to claim victory. Luckily, I did. Deathtrap Dungeon is not for the gamer who is use to FPS, Fighters or 3D Games that runs on the Quake Engine. This game is for collector's of games when they were in the early stages of become Platinum Hits in the world of gaming as of today. The game works fine but, keep in mind that when you order this game get ready for a journey and one heck of a challenge. Its not hard but, this is a game that you really need patience with.
This game is very fun. I have only played a demo that my cousin has but I'm dying to pick up a copy. The demo is short and we like to come up with different themes to it like we're going to a party at the building at the end of the demo. This game is kind of funny. Some of the enemies are pure fools. I like to run around the van with them chasing. Then I turn around and and knock the crud out of them. I like the guns and sticks that you can pick up and when you run out of ammo you can throw your gun at the enemies. That's pretty funny too. The characters have awesome moves. I love fighting games and this is one of my favorites. If you like fighting games and games that are just plain fun, buy this game.
I played this game when i was a kid and forgot all about it. Then remembered it, ordered it, and have been having fun playing it.
Got the game. After I came home from work, it was on the kitchen table. My brother probably got to the mailbox first. I hope it is good. My little nephew wanted to play it with me.
Alrighty, let me just start off by saying don't let people who play "Final Fantsay 7" sway your judgement about this.  While "Final Fantsay 7" is an amazing game, it varies VERY HEAVILY from "Fighting Force", so what some people like (fun fighting games)and others love (RPG gamers) we are at war with the worlds.  It's better to agree to disagree here.  Okay, let us begin with the review.  I love this game.  From the very beginning where you can choose your favorite character (Mace Daniels is my personal favorite), to the last moment when you deliver a crushing blow to your enemy.  It is ingenius.  I love how you can pick up weapons like guns and bats and that you can deliver really "snazzy" throws/blocks.  Like people have said, it is like a "Streets of Rage" for the now.  Let me break it down overall for you:Graphics- Compared to now, it is not up to bar.  Compare it to when it frist came out, bar none!  5/5, although the animation can sometime slow down.Sound- Ain't nothing more prettier than hearing your enemies bone crunch!  5/5Control- Obviously this is the black-sheep of the family.  The controls are clunky and choppy, and sometimes they interfere with the great gaming experience.  Thank God for infinite health codes!  3/5 (ouch)Overall- Aside from the controls being what they are, the game is a smooth ride of fun fighting and brainless beat-'em-up.  I feel this game is totally undercredited, and that we need to change that.  ONLY YOU CAN PREVENT FOREST FIRES!
this game lacked the ability to live up to name "Tomb Raider" its more of a "City Raider" half the levels deal with city-time scenery. and 80% of the enemies are humans. more like a 007 than a Tomb Raider - but the game play is fun in the cities (Venice) so i cant complain too much - just wasnt feelin the whole China scene. I liked to level skip those. and the twist at the end was a lil boost - so all in all ill give it 5stars - but it lacked challenge for me - i beat it in a week. just run around and jump for the most part.
Tomb Raider 2 is my absolute favourite PlayStation game of all-time! I bought the game in December 1997, around the same time I got my PlayStation. But I never really liked Tomb Raider 2 and only managed to get halfway through the first level, before forgetting about it for a while. Four years later, in the summer of 2001, I dug it out again and decided to give it a go with the help of a strategy guide. What a shock I got!After the phenomenal, worldwide success of the original Tomb Raider in November 1996, the Eidos Interactive guys put together the sequel, which, in a rare case, surpasses the original with flying colours. To save the game in the first, you had to find a crystal before continuing, wheras in Tomb Raider 2 you have the ability to save the game whenever you feel like. This comes as a great help, especially before taking off into a running jump over deep caverns and steep slopes. Lara also has much greater weaponary comapred to the last game. The first game featured Pistols, Shotgun and Uzis - that was about it. But with this game, you get weapons such as the Grenade Launcher and an M-16 Assault Rifle. While Tomb Raider 1 focused more on enemies in animal form, Tomb Raider 2 has a more worldly feel because the foes are mostly human. But the most notable change on Tomb Raider 2 is the welcome addition of vehicles. Tomb Raider featured none what so ever, but Tomb Raider 2 has a wide variety from the enjoyable speedboat in Venice and the snowmobile in Tibetian Foothills. Lara also took advantage of a make-over. The graphics where background scenery is concerned is still the same as the first game, but Lara herself has changed a lot; her hair is no longer tied in a bun, but flows freely down her back in a pony tail. The reason this wasn't featured in the first game is because the technology wasn't good enough for her hair to be in a pony tail - they couldn't get it to move in motion with her body (rather silly when you think about it now). Lara also possesses the ability to climb certain surfaces. The improved engine also served better lighting facilities, which allowed Ms Croft the ability to wield flares whenever she finds herself in dark areas. When it comes to the levels, the highlights are Venice, Offshore Rig, Tibetian Foothills (short but sweet - involves driving to one end of a road over pits to find a key, before driving all the way back to open a door that allows you to exit and begin the next level), Barkhang Monastery (HINT: Whatever you do, DON'T shoot the monks, they are here to help! They will dispatch any henchmen who try to kill you so you don't have to kill them! Accidently shoot one, and you'll have hundreds of monks trying to kill you!) and Temple of Xian.OVERALL GRADE: 10/10Tomb Raider 2 is, in my opinion, the greatest PlayStation game there has ever been. Yes, the graphics are laughable now because they have come so far since - especially on the PlayStation 2 and X-Box, but it all boils down to how enjoyable the game is. And in that category, it is still the most enjoyable and exciting game ever. Hundreds of titles try to replicate the suspense and adventure that is seen in the Tomb Raider games and fail miserably. Buy this now from Amazon - it'd be a shame not to and to ignore it would be missing out on one of the most classic video games of all time...
They took what was great about the first and somehow made it twice as good. These games are still great for people looking for a challenge, but I would advise first-time players to play the series in order, as each game builds up from the hardest point of the previous one by making difficult-to-learn skills from the previous one rudimentary things you NEED to know in order to play the next, as well as adding a bunch of new tricks and surprises. But, even though there isn't as much actual &#34;Tomb Raiding&#34; in this one, it is definitely a step up from the previous version. Also includes an awesome bonus level at the end where Lara's house is raided by a Mafia strike team. Although, does not include the other bonus levels from the extended version of the game. (The extended version has two more levels, but it's only for the PC).
From the Great Wall of China to the canals of Venice, Tomb Raider II is the rare case in which a sequel is better than an original. In fact, I find this game to be my favorite of the series. In it the legendary Lara Croft sets out to find the Dagger of Xion. In her quest she navigates the globe, and even takes a couple of trips to strange and magical new worlds.Tomb Raider II offers significant improvements over the original, and its game play exceeds the other games that follow in the series. The game has drastically overhauled weapons and artificial intelligence. Though the puzzles are not as hard as later versions, they still are quite difficult. Lara has new moves, many new weapons, and more dangerous foes. What more could a Tomb Raider fan - or even the casual gamer - ask for?I highly recommend this game, whether you are an avid Tomb Raider fan or somebody new to the series. I don't believe you will be disappointed - in fact, you will probably find many hours of action filled entertainment. And if you do enjoy it, I strongly recommend other games in this series.
This game is great to get into and back again never mind. So the level's are great you get to go Tibet, China, Venice and a sunken, ship. The background is not so good but it's ok.And you get small heath and large heath packs. These heath packs will be somewhere in the game keep a good eye out for them.Arm yourself with:automatic pistols, harpoon gun, rocket launcher, M16 rifle, Uzis, shotguns, flares and more!Kill them or be kill by:monks, yetis, great white sharks, killer eels, dobermans and more. BE CAREFUL PLEASE!!Your quest is for THE DAGGER OF XIAN.It's hidden somewhere out there I know do you?And the good news is lara is BACK!
I recently started re-playing this game to find that it is actually quite fun. I remember first playing this game when i was a little kid at my friends house but never gave it any attention. I just thought of it to be boring and hard. But since i remembered it, i sadly asked him if i could borrow it and he said sure, keep it. So i did. Anyways, when i started it up, i remembered everything about the first mission, very hard especially without anymore ps1 memory cards. When i finally beat the first mission. "The Wall" It sadly took me hours, because after those tumbling rocks after you, you got ran over easy and died. Every time you die you have to restart the whole mission, so this is what took me the most time. Soon i got on to the second mission, i got pretty far but then the disc "old and scratched up" quit on me. It kept freezing. I have had this problem many times before on the first mission, so i had to restart it back up again. After that i pretty much quit. This is why i keep all of my games in their cases. So they will work about 10 years later. Sorry for such a bad review but later i looked up online and watched the whole thing, well the missions in speedy time. And saw how good the game layouts and graphics were. I really enjoyed this game, well the first couple missions of it. So maybe i will buy a ps1 memory card and start to savin' soon.
The first Tomb Raider was a classic in terms of its 3D gameplay, sense of exploration through massive levels, and a unique main character.  The 2nd installment in the TR series is not much different.  The levels are still HUGE, and exploration is still the name of the game.  But this time around, the environments and enemies are more varied, there are more action-based enemy sequences than the first, and the difficulty level has been approriately increased.  In terms of the level of challenge, I feel that this is the best in the series.  The later Tomb Raider series felt frustrating and downright cheap at times.  This one is definitely not a cakewalk, but is very possible without a strategy guide.  You don't feel as though you have to play for half an hour just to get into the next room.  Progress is slow, but steady, and you don't ever need 6 or 7 different items to move on.  Progress is more based on actually getting where you want to go rather than finding the right items or hitting the right combination of switches.  Some of the level designs are incredible, such as the Venice-based levels, the Opera House, the beastly Barkhang Monestary and the massive Temple Of Xian.  This is the key strength of the first two TR installments, and why the more recent ones have been less inspiring.  Resourcefulness and attention to the environment is extremely key, as medipacks are in light supply in this game.  Also, every level has 3 secrets in the form of dragons.  You do not receive the bonus items unless you find all 3 dragons in the level, making exploration even more vital in building your inventory.  Finding at least 2 of the dragons in every level should be quite easy, but some levels have one especially well-hidden dragon.  The gold dragons in the first two levels are remarkably difficult, but the reward of finding them (especially the first one) is worth it.  If you didn't like the first Tomb Raider, this game won't change your mind.  If you were blown away by the first installment (or even the 3rd, 4th or 5th) then this game is a real treat.
I recently backtracked and played all of the earlier Tomb Raider games. (avoid Angel of Darkness.  Horrible game)  TR2 is about as fun as they come. Graphics are outdated of course, but there is so much to do and to much fun to be had.  The game is long, keeps your interest, has plenty of cool weapons, and a good story.  I'd love to see this game redone with today's technology.  "10 out of 10".If you're a TR fan and haven't played this, I'd advise that you do.
Tomb Raider 2 is by far the best sequel game out right now. Lara kicks way more...in this one then in the first. Some of the reasons why are listed here:Excellent 3D levels such as -1. The Great Wall2. Venice3. Bartolli's Hideout4. Opera House5. Offshore Rig6. Diving Area7. 40 Fathoms8. Wreck Of The Mario Doria9. Living Quarters10. The Deck11. Tibetan Foothills12. Barkhang Monestary13. Catacombs Of The Talion14. Ice Palace15. Temple Of Xian16. Floating Islands17. Dragon's LairEpilouge: Home Sweet HomeKick...weapons like -PistolsUzisMagnumsShotgunGrenade LauncherM16 Machine GunHarpoon GunAwesome new enemy's like -T-Rex'sRaptorsGuardian Of The Talionand A DragonTomb Raider 2 is an awesome game, but, my favorite in the series has to be Tomb Raider 3!Below i have included a list (in order) of my favorite Tomb Raider games:1. Tomb Raider 32. Tomb Raider 4: Last Revelations3. Tomb Raider 24. Tomb Raider 5: Chronicles5. Tomb Raider...
this is a good game here and i recommend it to anyone who likes adventure type games. 10 out of 10.
A major Tomb Raider fan, I decided to play all the games over again and finished both part one and now part two and they're both still as great as I remember. I think both are strong and worthwhile games with great plots but Tomb Raider Two is more tough, but that's the point of a sequel. It's longer (or at least it felt that way, especially when it came to the Ocean part of the game) yet I enjoyed playing it.Both Tomb Raider One and Two have interesting plots and both are different. In Tomb Raider Two it has to deal with a Dagger that throughout the story grows more important to find and soon. You go through many different levels than you did on Tomb Raider one- including the Floating Islands- which is one weird level but very fascinating. My favorite levels were in Venice, the places in Tibet and yes the Floating Islands. Home Sweet Home level was a little scary- being attacked in her own home!- but I thought it was a good twist. The ending itself was tougher than the first one that's for sure, and I did say a few curse words while trying to finish the game, but eventually when I did finish I knew that it was worthwhile. I had to get a strategy guide nonetheless to beat this game, because indeed in many levels it was a little too tough for me to figure out, but then there's no shame in getting a little help.Overall the game is more hard and challenging and just as creative in plot as part one was (the storylines are way good). I enjoyed it and I recommend it to everyone who loved part one.
This game is amazing!!! The level design and all the awesome puzzles make this game the best TR game I've ever played!! This one is perfect to start if you are too young and never had a chance to play the Tomb Raider classics from PS1. After playing this one, play #5, then #1,  then #4. Tomb raider...THE BEST SERIES EVER!! (ESPECIALLY THE CLASSICS ONES FROM 1996 - 2000).
This is one of those classic games that everyone who was a fan of Playstation 1 must own, aside from the 1st Tomb Raider of course. Got it used, but it works great.
A game that set the standard for the series IMO, clearly the newest one out there set the bar for the entire franchise though.
Ya know, I remember playing this game as a kid.I couldn't find this game anywhere, and I didn't want to continue playing the Anniversary or the Windows version, so I decided to buy this game as a kid.It has a great storyline, and for everyone who likes Indiana Jones, then you'd love this game.Pros (or cons):Easy to maneuverChallenging puzzles in which you have to think (don't worry because it's not like Balder's Gate or anything that brainstorming ;)Unique storyline involving AtlantisCons (or pros):Low quality graphics (then again it is from the PS1, so don't expect 128 bit graphics;)No music except for select portions where there are orchestral themesSurrealism/constant element of surprisePersonally, I like most of the cons but those are most of the things people I've known complained about.Also, if anyone buys this game, then I have to tell you this: Please, if you're gonna use cheats... Then at least beat the game before doing so. >_>.
If I could have give 6 stars for this game, I would have.  I played this originally when it first came out in 1996.  Back then, games such as Resident Evil and Tomb Raider were ground-breaking milestones in entertainment known as video games.  I won't talk about Resident Evil here because everyone knows about that.Tomb Raider was the first game to give players control of a character in a true 3D environment.  Sure, you had games like Doom and Wolfenstien, but they played only on a single plane with your character spinning on an axis.  Tomb Raider allowed you to control Lara, the feminine version of Indiana Jones, an use the environments such as cliffs, roofs, etc. to progress through the levels.  Level design in Tomb Raider is really what the game is centered around.  Beautiful, stunning, breath-taking, eerie, surreal, all describe the level design here.  Nothing short of ingenious.The game mechanics and control of Lara were never the best, but they were also adequate to get the job done.  Lara spins on a fixed axis when the player turns left and right, and forward makes her run in the direction she is facing.  Turning can sometimes be a chore, especially when the action is turned up a notch.  Luckily, the circle button makes Lara do a somersault tumble, for a quick &quot;about-face&quot;.  The shimmying and climbing from ledge to ledge and jumping has always been amazing.  Combine that with sliding down angular rock formations and time jumps and grabs to ledges, and you are bound to fall in love with the action that Eidos developed (NOTE: This kind of mechanics shined most for me in this game as opposed to all the predecessors, including Angel of Darkness for PS2.  This kind of action became less and less as the series went on, save for Last Revelation, maybe).  The swimming sequences and puzzles are also a really wonderful treat as well.There are plenty of surprises in this game that I don't want to give away, however, I will tell you that some of the levels in the game will stick in your memory for a long, long time after.  For example, &quot;The God Room&quot; of St. Francis' Folly has got to be one of the best and most memorable and beautiful levels of any game that I've played.So why am I writing this review now, 7 years after the release date?  For a few reasons.  First, being that I can't get the game out of my head for more than a few months.  Every six months I go back to it.  The second reason, is that when I bought a PS2, I knew I would be playing the original Tomb Raider again and wanted that backward capability.  And THIRD and quite possibly the most important (and the reason I titled this review &quot;Dear Eidos&quot;) is that Angel of Darkness was the single reason that I sold my PS2 for an X-Box.  At first I enjoyed AOD, but the game has rampant problems.  I've always welcomed a new Tomb Raider game in my life and gave AOD more than one chance.  I loved all the other PS1 Tomb Raider games, including III, which got a lot of harsh and unwarranted criticisms in my mind, but whatever.  I hated AOD and want Eidos to know that.  And FOURTH reason is that I repurchased the new and compact PSOne last week.  I still own my Tomb Raider from back in the day.  Last night I played it and the magic was back like from the first time I played it.  Sure the graphics feel older, but they are by no means bad at all considering that I play games like Halo, Crimson Skies, Prince of Persia, and Rainbow Six 3 on the X-Box.  There will always be a large place in my geeky video-gaming heart for this true classic.EIDOS: TAKE THE POWER BACK!
OH YES....this game is what it's all about.  Sure, it looks totally archaic now with its primitive low-polygon 3D (cf. Lara's Madonna-style pyramid breasts) and jerky low frame rate - BUT WHO CARES.  "Tomb Raider" was one of the first fully-realized 3D games, with huge environments and a camera that lets you explore them fully - something next-gen developers still seem to have a problem with sometimes - and, of course, best of all, an action hero that players across the board could instantly connect with.  Yes, Lara Croft - men want her, women want to be her...lol.  Forget about her later misadventures on celluloid and (worst of all) the PS2 platform.  Even on the PS1, all the new innovations in graphics and AI that cropped up in subsequent TR installments couldn't improve upon the originality of gameplay you have here in the debut.  The puzzles, the secrets, the at-times relentless action, this game has it all.Much like Indiana Jones, we first encounter Lara as she explores some ruins in South America - allegedly the village of Vilcabamba, an actual archeological site in Ecuador, although as it appears in the game it's more of a generic hotch-pot of pre-Columbian art and architecture.  Of course you have the rolling ball traps everywhere, and of course she eventually finds a golden idol - more nods to Indy.  Later she explores Las Vegas versions of Rome and Egypt, slaughtering more endangered species in the process than are even left on the planet (PETA just loved this game) before proceeding to - where else? - Atlantis, which is naturally swarming with freakish and bloodthirsty mutants.  All this because she's in search of an artifact whose magical powers, if in the wrong hands, could destroy the world, or something.It's easy to punch holes in the ridiculous plot, but that doesn't affect the entertainment value - again just like with Indy, you know it's stupid, but you're more than willing to suspend disbelief just to go along with the wild ride.  Getting through the levels is not always easy; you'll need to sharpen both your combat and puzzle-solving skills.  There's also a lot of replay value owing to the oftentimes diabolically-hidden "secrets," which usually contain caches of weapons and the infamous "medi-paks."Play this game - it's almost like a cool retro thing to do now - and forget about everything that came after.  They have a new TR in the works now but it's got a lot of bad karma to overcome...so far nothing has matched this original masterpiece.
So, this is where it all began - the original Tomb Raider. In November 1996, Britain was changing. With the phenomenal success of the Spice Girls and the phrase "girl power", there wasn't a better time to bring out an all-female computer game heroine who kicked [rear]! Enter Lara Croft. The game went straight to No.1 all over the world and shifted more than 10 million copies to become THE biggest selling PlayStation game of all time. Lara soon became a cultural icon, gracing hundreds of magazine covers the world over - and not just computer magazines, mainstream magazines such as Rolling Stone and Time; undoubtedly the biggest magazine names in the world. Four sequels followed in the form of Tomb Raider II, Tomb Raider III, Tomb Raider IV: The Last Revelation and Tomb Raider IV: Chronicles. The five games have sold a combined total of 40 million worldwide and secured Eidos Interactive and more importantly, Lara Croft and Tomb Raider, a place in video gaming history as undoubtedly the greatest, most popular and enjoyable computer games of all time.The story of Tomb Raider is simple really. Lara Croft is a semi-famous archeologist adventurer and has been hired by a mysterious woman, Natla (last name unknown) to search the globe for an ancient artifact, known as the Scion, that is beleived to have come from the lost city of Atlantis. Lara sets off on her travels to find this artifact but before she can find it, she must search other areas of the world to find clues and hints that will open the way forward to her ultimate prize. Around halfway through the game, while uncovering clues about the artifact in question, Lara also unveils the truth about Natla; a story told through amazing cut-scenes. The storyline is intriguing to say the least and keeps you on the very edge of your seat as you beg to know more, yet never for the game to end.The game begins with simple, pedestrian levels for newcomers to get to grips with the controls. The enemies are only small in the first few levels; bats, dogs etc. that can be eliminated with a single shot of Lara's Pistols - a weapon that she has with her always that features an unlimited amount of ammo. The game has a massive 16 levels that will keep you playing for months - it took me 10 months to complete. In fact, I finished the week Tomb Raider II came out so once I'd finished with the first, I spent the next 10 months playing the second one! This has been a regular oocurance and has resulted in me playing all five Tomb Raider games for around 6 years without a break! I remember the days when I bought this game...I was only 10 and it scared me to death! The enemies may not look very real, but remember that controlling Lara is! You control her every move so her life is in your hands! At the time the game was released, the graphics were unbelievable and the scenery breathtaking. The former is not so much now, but the latter still stands. Graphics in computer games have come a very long way since 1996, but half an hours' play on Tomb Raider with Ms Croft, and its superior excellence shines through. The final levels are set in and around Atlantis, and are classic moments in video gaming history. From the rocky cliffs of Asia, to the hot muggy forests of South America and the haunting and eerie lost island of Atlantis, there's something here for everyone. Buy it now!OVERALL GRADE: 10/10All in all, Tomb Raider is the ultimate PlayStation game. Everything about this game is so enchanting and memorable. The atmosphere, the sounds the animals make, the noises Lara makes when falling off a rock, the music that cues to tell you something exciting is about to happen - everything! This is a true classic in video gaming history that deserves all the critical praise it recieved 6 years ago. If you haven't got Tomb Raider in your PlayStation games collection, it is not complete. Only when you purchase all 5 Tomb Raider games will your collection be complete. With the soon-to-be released Lara Croft Timb Raider VI: The Angel Of Darkness, all six Tomb Raider will keep me playing for decades, literally. I will still be playing Tomb Raider when I'm 60 years old, and I'm sure I'll not be the only one...
Despite awkward controls that seem to be designed more for a computer than a Game System (and get used to it, because that lasts until the PS2 era-- aka, the sixth game in the series) this has to be one of the funnest games of all time. It gives a challenge on multiple levels & inspires you to keep playing to find out what happens next as things get progressively more dangerous and more bizarre. Was re-made as Tomb Raider: Anniversary, but I'd prefer the original any day.
Like I've said before, Tomb Raider will always stand as one of the most influential games of all time. Back in 1996, the only competition in this genre was Mario 64. Nowadays, every other game is a 3d adventure "in the vain of Tomb Raider".The game is very solid. Well placed and thought provoking puzzles. Some nice action, great graphics which still hold up today, and lots of fun. The only complaint is the lack of a decent ending, and that I have to shoot a fellow human at least 60 times in order to kill him. How untrealistic is that?While TR 2 is the best in the series, this one will be the most remembered.Story: 6/10Graphics: 8/10Sound: 7/10Fun: 8/10.
God, it was ages ago when I last played the original &quot;Tomb Raider&quot;. The first time I played it, maybe six years ago, I was amazed and frightened. I was frightened because of the very first level. You know, the awry music, dark caves, and vicious bats, wolves and bears. That will always be my first memory of playing &quot;Tomb Raider&quot;. Even though it's dated now, it still lives up to its name despite several sequels and dissapointing movies.What really made this game famous, and made Playstaion fun, was the goddess Lara Croft. She's absolutely gorgeous! You play the adventrous archaeologist in a quest to recover an ancient artifact; Croft travels the world in style, from Peru to Egypt and to the lost city of Atlantis.I think that's the story for the game. I lost track since I haven't played this game for awhile. But what was original about this game wasn't really Lara's beauty, it was the gameplay. The gamer has to solve complexed puzzles, battle hard enemies(including dinosaurs!) and go through hidden rooms and collect treasures from ancient cities.There is also a good amount of weapons for Lara, including her trademark dual pistols. There is also some health packs in case she gets hurt, in fact she gets hurt alot! No human being could ever do the things she does! The very physical Lara jumps impossible feats, does handstands and survives in very dangerous situations. She's a female Indiana Jones!Anyway, &quot;Tomb Raider&quot; is an entertaining game. It has good graphics, solid gameplay, and Lara Croft is hot! But the &quot;Tomb Raider&quot; series has lost track of its self. The gameplay is all ready becoming old, and its lack of innovation hasn't made gamers happy. Including myself. Only part 2 is the best sequel. But the original game that made Lara Croft famous is a must own game for every classic game collection.
Tomb Raider was one of the first games I completed and it was tough. Really challenging throughout and educational, one of the most intriguing and fun games to pass while shooting at random things and at Dinosaurs and Bears and other animals, really great!
It's great to play if you have nothing to do well anyaway. The level's are so cool it's get's better each time you go to a new level. Each level have something you must do before you go on. There are alot of little places that you can fine little small heath pack's get those you will need it because there is always someone trying to stop you and kill you O, if you fine anything useful get that too.Sometimes the informate is right there in your face you just got to look that's all.This was my only game that I own for my playstation. That the time I did't know if I sould play it or leave it alone will I play it and you know what, I like it for once a woman is doing the thing and I said it's about time, do you know what I mean??Well go have fun I did. Take your time and do it right I did and I got good at.
Ive had Tomb raider since July and this game is off the meters!! When I first played it, I was frustrated with the controls, but once u learn them, this game is the best!!! The worlds are long and puzzling, but its never too hard to finish. The action and suspense make u feel like its a movie. I reccomend this to anybody who likes action or 007 fans like me. You WILL love it, trust me.
I absolutely love Tomb Raider. It is definitely my favorite game of all time. It has everything you need to make a wonderfully fun game. There is action and adventure, thriller, problem solving, and an entertaining story line. I love the challenge of the problem solving. It isn't a game you can finish in a couple hours, but take a long time to get through all of the different puzzles. You definitely get your moneys worth with play time on this game. It will always keep you thinking. I couldn't ask for a better game.
I had to go back and play this game after playing (and loving) Tomb Raider Anniversary. Playing Anniversary and then going back to the original really makes you appreciate just how awesome this game was. The level design was just amazing with all the different areas you get to explore. I haven't played the original since it first came out so I didn't realize just how much Crystal Dynamics took from this game. They took a lot. Some of the level designs are almost identical. The biggest difference between the old and the new is the difficulty. Anniversary is way easier. But not because the puzzles or enemies are easier. It's because of the controls. Back in Tomb Raider 1, the controls were pretty terrible. But what do you expect from a game breaking new ground in the world of 3D? So I'll over look it and give it a 5 out of 5.
I haven't played Tomb Raider 1 in a long time but a month or so ago I found it at a used cd store and bought it. I just finished the game and am still thrilled at how exciting and tough this game still is. The plot is interesting enough for you to continue caring for the story and Lara Croft makes a fun character to use to get to your next destination. She is strong, knows how to carry her weapons, jump great heights and is truly fearless when it comes to dinosaurs, bad guys and even messed up creatures she meets up with in the end. You have to constantly be kept on your toes throughout the game and the settings themselves are yes very old compared to nowadays improvements but for back then were well done and even nowadays not bad at least to me. This game is a fun challenge and I recommend it to anyone interested in adventure games for Lara will take you on great journeys in this game. My favorite is where she is facing a Sphinx- like statue- now that was a fun level.Tomb Raider is one of the greatest storylines ever created and that is why it is so popular even nowadays. The older stuff is better though, aka like 1- 4 of the Tomb Raider series is the best to me- everything after 4 seems to have gone downhill. Angel of Darkness honestly I couldn't even finish it was so bad. So take my advice and try out the older version of Tomb Raiders first, they are much better and more exciting.
This is the best game I have yet to play.  It took me six months to finally defeat,figure out and fight my way to the end of this game.  This game was like a very suspenseful movie that I was controlling. Many times in the game I was actually sweating from fear. You don,t know what,s waiting for you around each corner, waiting to jump out at you and scare the crap out of you. Even my family and onlookers were startled or to afraid to play this game because of the  realism captured in enormous worlds and creepy CD sounds.
If you are a fan of TR you're gonna love to have this one in your collection!! The graphics are better though on the pc version...
This takes back memories when I first played Tomb Raider.  It's both chalenging and fun.  Its remake is just added stuff and newly improved stages.
I enjoy the shows and PPVs. this one is a great one to get if you like wwf wrestling .
Use to play this as a kid and when I played it, it brought back all kinds of memories from my childhood. Definitely a game to have if you are or were a fan of wrestling.
I played this game a lot when I was little. It was always fun and I enjoyed it. The music in the background, the colors, the graphics; its all great. The coolest thing is that this game is one of a kind, and it is really a good one to add to any Nintendo 64 collection. Gameplay is easy and overall a really awesome game!
I liked all of the tricks you can play being a kid. I like being a kid rather than an adult sometimes. The boards look cool.
If you like Mario Kart 64, then you will absolutely love this game! Its sort of a rendition of Mario Kart 64, but instead of riding karts, your riding snowboards. Now in my biased opinion, I love snowboarding games, and this one was a classic among my friends and me.I recently played it again and noticed several pros and cons that made it such a good game. It had hilarious sound effects, great controls, a few varieties of boards to chose from, and solid looking graphics. It is also fun to get power ups and shoot down your friends to get in the lead. What's really cool about this game is the chair lift at the end of the run. To get back to the top of the mountain you have to go up a chairlift, but the chaos that happens to be the first person to ride the chairlift is hilarious. The only thing that turns people off from the game is that there are only four riders to choose from, and they're all little kids. In other games like Mario Kart, there is more characters to chose from, but the character choices are only a minor con. It also has an incredibly babyish look towards it that can be a slight turn off for older kids.  But once you can "read past its cover" the game can be so much fun to play with friends and family. It is almost nothing like the immature style the game gives off.Overall, I rate this game a solid 4.5 out of 5 because it is fun and exciting, and in my opinion, better than Mario Kart 64.
Tiberian sun is an example of how a real time game should be.  Great campains where you can be either Nod or GDI.  This game also has great skrimishes.  Where you can play the computer on a diffrent level of  difficulty and can play anwhere from 1-7 enimies.  With alot of diffrent  units and buildings this game is not to be missed.
Loved it!!! One of the best games in this genre. Good story, and even has the guy from the first Terminator who protects the woman (can't think of his name) as one of the main actors in the cutscenes, and James Earl Jones. High production values.  The game play is top notch.
I am writing this review from what i thought of it before red alert 2 came out.  this is a great game with a pretty good story line, though it lacks graphics.  Westwood online (the multiplayer sever) is also very good.  if your lookign to buy a good RTS i recomend red alert 2, but if you don't want to spend the money on RA@ this is still a great game.
Well, it seems that those idiots who gave TS a low rating was because they  thought TS reused Red Alerts units. That is completely wrong . TS is set in  a futuristic world with advanced units. Red Alert was a PREQUEL to the  original C&amp;C and was set throughout the Cold War. TS does not use  standard tanks and the new units were made as it would have been seen in  the year TS took place which was 2030. This is especially true with GDI and  there titans, disruptors, firestrom defense, rpg towers, MMK II and a whole  lot more. Nod has has the cyborgs, underground units, and and the banshee  aircraft etc. Now, are these the same units from RA, i dont think so.  Westwood retained a couple of units from the original C&amp;C such as the  devil's tougue and light tank but they upgraded the functions of these  units to please gamers. Nothing from this game was copied from RA- trust  me. As for Starcraft some say its better than TS and some say it isnt. I  personally hate that game. Its way more complex to understand than TS  simple interface, no deformidable terrain, you have to RIGHT CLICK to  deselect units (very awkward), structures take extremely long to build - as  well as units, those same structures look like they have legs(terran  barracks and engineering bay). I also have no idea what the storyline is  about (no real actors - jus  bad FMVs).I could name a whole lot more but it  would take up too much space in this review. The only single thing i like  is the marine responses which give u a good laugh now and then but it still  gets repetitive after a while which is common in almost all RTS games.  Sure, Starcraft is an original game with new features that pleases people  just like the old C&amp;C. some people ask for too much in a sequel and  when they find what they havent been looking for, they disgrace the game.  We'll see what sequel is in store for Starcraft but for now, if youre a  serious fan of C&amp;C's then pick up a copy of TS- you'll find an  intersting game with a whole bunch of new features including some old time  favs that would have remembered.
This is this is the first strategy game I have ever liked that I played, so maybe I'm partial to it ... but I love it!  I don't understand why some  people are so crushed when their &quot;favorite&quot; game series puts out  a bad game.  It's not that big of a deal.  For all you Red Alert buffs, Red  Alert 2 will be out soon so chill out for a minute.  There are a ton of  different strategies to play this game with so it becomes extremely  addictive.  Once you get the basics down ... the sky is pretty much the  limit on strategies you can use so this adds replay value to the game.  It  will definitely keep you busy until the next installment by Westwood.  The  online play is great and easy to use.  I haven't even played the single  player game because I just can't get enough of the online play.  So unlike  the other people who are saying they hate it (but they probably still play  it often), I like it an awful lot.
I just don't understand those who want to give this game low marks. This is a game that when modified with the numerous free online downloads is as good a game as any out there.To start this game is a sequel to command and conquer not red alert which is the much more popular westwood game. That was a problem for some who just assumed that westwood would come out with a red alert sequel first. Never the less there are features in this game that improve upon the original. The original CnC did not allow for skirmish play against the Al opponent only missions. This game does allow multiplayer play and the Al is very  competitive at the more difficult levels.  There are some other small extras as well such as more colors to choose from and the oppportunity to make a map right at the game menu. Just set your specifications and it makes a map that's meets those specs. One new feature i love is the option for a deployable mcv. This allows you to start a base and then move your command center to another area. This game is also much more strategic then the originas CnC. The maps are spectacular with many cliffs, ridges and rivers and lakes. No game has better maps and terrain. I wish i could say the same about the units though. While the structures are creative and attractive the units look down right bizarre and cartoonish. Some may like this but i don't. The colors of the units and structures are rich and  pleasant but some units are too strange looking to enjoy. The infantry look alright but the tanks take some getting used to. Another unfortunate aspect of the game is that the nod is given the more strategic interesting units. The gdi has more size and firpower while the nod is more sneaky with it's burrowing apcs and missles. One feature i like is the infantryman. The disc throwers for the gdi or the rocket guys for the nod have armor that makes them much more competitive in battles than a rocket guy or grenade guy in red alert. You can't just run over these infantrymen. A group of 10 disc throwers can do serious damage to a camp if allowed to sneak in or they can quickly do away with a harvester. The basic play is bascially the same as CnC or red alert but there are enough new features here to make it a worthwhile purchase at $20.Overall i would rate the stock tiberian game that comes from the store as a 3.7 to 3.8 stars. A good solid game. What makes this a truly great game is the numerous free downloads and upgrades available both at westwood.com and many other sites. On the program menu for the game is an upgrade option from westwood that helps to work out some of the bugs and improves the game. In addition there are literally dozens of web-sites devoted entirely or in part to this game that provides an incredible array of free downloads that provide game modifications, new maps, units and game tips ect. Also included are opportunites to join klans and clubs, things that really enhance the enjoyment of the game. One download called &quot;resistance 2.0&quot; will add 50% more speed and firepower and will double the number of units and structures. You can find this download at tsden.com. It is these additional modifications and options that convert a good game into a fantastic game. These upgrades and downloads are absolutely free and require very little time, effort or computer savyness to add and if you're ambitious you can do your own modifications.The only complaint i would have of my modified game is that there is no navy. All these wonderful maps with water but no opportunity to make destroyers or crusiers like in red alert or total annililation..................socks.
Final Fantasy 7 is the best FF I have yet to play.  I have played 8 and 9 also, but 7 has the best music, battle system, and junctioning system of all of them (not to mention the greatest story-line in the history of everything!).  Besides a couple of translation errors, this game is perfect.  I was introduced to Final Fantasy 7, 3 years ago, and I still do not know many things about it. So if your looking for a long challenge ahead of you, but not a challenge so hard that it sucks the fun out of it, you should buy this game, and before they stop selling it.
I have always been a FF fan ever since 2 was out. I've been loving it ever since and was glad that i played this. Let me tell you about the game:As you have probably found out from other reviews, it is about a rebel orginization named AVALANCHE who is saving the planet from Shinra Inc., who is polluting the Earth. One of these members is a man named Cloud, a 21 year old guy who was in a orginazation called Soldier, which is the army of Shinra. Possibly the greatest plot and climax I've ever seen. Great battles, they proved to be a challenge. Cloud, Sid, and Red 13 are my favorite charecters. Also some of the best movies in a game that i've seen for a long time. Espeically the 11 minute ending. Man that was good. ENJOY!
In this world, nothing is as it seems.  No one is who they say they are, and surprises lurk around every corner.  This is a wonderful game, with a rich story, great side quests, and great animation.  The evil Shin-Ra corporation has been mining Mako, an energy source that is the lifeforce of the Earth itself.  Avalanche is an underground resistance group headed by Barret, a man who's arm was lost in an explosion at a Mako refinery.  Cloud is a mercenary who used to work for SOLDIER, Shin-Ra's private army.  Sephiroth is a great warrior for SOLDIER, who has been lost for many years.  Now, Cloud is working with Avalanche, and Sephiroth has resurfaced, but he is now an insane, powerhungry man with a desire to use Black Materia to summon a meteor to destroy the world.  Materia are energy sources used in weapons to add skills to the user.  This game has a great story and a great battle engine, where you can customize 9 different characters with different materia.  This is a long game, but it is legendary.
FF 7 has always been my favorite game in the whole world, in fact, it is my whole world.  I play it everyday, but I was always sad, because I had to leave the playstation to go on the internet to read about and discuss FF 7.  But not anymore!  Now, FF 7 is out on the PC, and you have to buy it at any cost, so that you can laugh and cry and live the greatest experience of all time, the experience that is Final Fantasy 7, on your computer!  Just thinking about it is making me tear up a little.  I promise, you will not be disappointed.  The stunning, gut-wrenching visuals, the passionate, heart-wrenching storyline, the exciting, ball-wrenching combat system, the absolutely awe-inspiring characters...nothing could be more perfect.  You have not lived if you have not played this game.
This RPG is a blast to play!  The graphics and battle system will blow you away when you first play it!  There's even a tutorial, so you can get in the game quicker!  As for the storyline, excellent!  The storyline goes all over the place, but that's what fun about it!  The game itself is also long and entertaining.  It took me 73 hours to finish, side-quests and all.  You even get an amusement park filled with games and wonderful items to help you on your quest.  Get this game!!!  It will get you hoooked on hours to come!!!
I've never played the Playstation version of this game and this was my  first time playing any sort of Final Fantasy game.  I originally purchased  it to watch the computer animation but quickly fell in love with the world,  the characters, and the dozens of things to do.You start off playing  Cloud (or whatever you decide to name him) and are an ex-soldier now  fighting for a group called Avalanche who want to shut down a company  called Shinra because they're using Mako energy to power the city.  Mako  energy is the life energy of every living thing on the planet and once its  used up the planet will die.  From there you're quickly plunged into a  story about love, betrayal, duty, and saving the world.I easily got 40+  hours of gameplay and the story blew me away.  Every time yu think you know  what's going on another clue pops up and blows everything else away.  There's an even balance between combat and actual RPG where you talk to  folks in towns.This game also has great replayibility with dozens of  sub-quests and side games to keep you busy.  Can you raise a gold chocobo?  Can you defeat all three weapons?  Can you find all the mega-elixers?  Can  you gain the secret characters?  Can you find everyone's super technique  and ultimate weapons?The story was amazingly detailed, the characters  were all unique, and the game pulled no punches.  I highly reccomend it.
This game is fantastic, and you wont be able to put it down for a long long time.  I have over 120+ hours played on my game save.  Final Fantasy VII Platinum Edition features a revamped old soundtrack...that I find 2x better than the PSone version's soundtrack.  Although it takes a while to adjust to the numpad controls, after playing for a while, you'll wonder how you would have done it any other way.  The on-screen controls are bizarre and during scenes such as the timed puzzle in the rocket ship, you'll have a hard time typing in key combos.  Materia allows you to use different magics on different characters, allowing for different characters to use Summons, Magic, and Cure.  My tip: dont give up solely because of the controls---this game is FANTASTIC and although I found the console experience more enthralling and easier to jump into, the PC version was much more cinematic and was totally worth it.  FF7 is by far the best game I have ever played, and you do not want to miss out on this adventure.  My only tip: dont save over the same file, especially before you enter the Northern Crater--you wont be able to exit it if you do.Replayability: ***** (Tons of extra caves, quests, missions, mini-games to find, extra materia, weapons, limit-breaks, and bosses to fight well after the game is over.)Gameplay: ***** (Amazing boss fights, you will be on the edge of your seat during battles, incredibly fun)Story: ***** (The plot twists, the depth in the story, the emotions...its AMAZING)Graphics: ***** (You can view on a big resolution, better textures and stuff.  More crisp than the PSone version)Controls: **** (Takes a while to get used to, you wont want to try another control setup once you do)Sound: ***** (Sound effects are recycled from the PSone game, BUT, the music was totally redone, and that is one of the biggest parts of this game)Addictiveness: ***** (I stopped playing my other games for almost 4 months when I got into this game)The best part of this game is that it is so easy to pick up and play.  The Ruby and Emerald Weapons provide you with more challenge than the last boss of the game.  Raising chocobos and minigames at the Golden Saucer couldnt be more fun, and this remains the only game besides World of Warcraft that I havent uninstalled from my computer.  Final Fantasy VII is a keeper, and dont be discouraged by the prices on Amazon, by the time you're done with the game, you will believe it to be the best $50 you have spent on a game.  I would know, because I said the same thing.
this game is awesome,but see my playstation reveiw for results.
This Final Fantasy 7 is one of the most influenced games of all time. The fan bases for this one game blows out all FF fan base out of the water. Never has any other FF game seen such an influenced with multiple related games/story characters found in different games. Multiple Movies. Toys, cards, etc based on this game.  Why was that all necessary for this one game?It's just that DAMN AWESOME! This game has everything! Story, characters, battle system, music, humor and more! If it didn't why else did this game influenced so many other things that followed it after? Because it was just damn awesome!You can play this game over and over before getting tried of it, but you will keep it in your hearts forever. The amazing game play, the amazing characters, and amazing graphics. (Back in those days.)They just can't make anything that even comes close to what they did back then. I wish they did, but they can't! It was just too well done! lol.
I'll preface this by saying yes I have played through FFVII on the playstation when it first came out. I've probably played through it at least a dozen times as I just enjoy the story, how it unfolds, the characters you meet and the events that transpire that intertwines their stories together.Prior to this game, I was mostly into sports/FPS type games. An RPG (heck I didn't even know what that meant at the time) game was not even remotely on my list of games that were coming out that I wanted. A friend of mine where I was working at showed me a gamer mag that had a full rundown of this game. Indeed it seemed very impressive and the more he talked about it, the more I got interested in it.Then came release day. I still wasn't sold on it but after leaving work I figured... what the hell. Drove 45 minutes north to the nearest mall where a buddy mine worked at EBGames. Soon as I entered he was like "Did you preorder this!!". I told him no and that I wasn't really interested in RPG's as they always sound boring and I'd lose interest quick and waste my money. He showed me a quick demo and I admit, it got me thinking as to "I wonder what happens after this...". I finally said sure. He hooked me up with the strategy guide, free tshirt and the 3 disc game... 3 DISCS!! When I cracked open the case and saw 3 discs... I knew this would be an epic, legendary tale. I just didn't know how epic.I won't go much into the characters as they have been around a long time and most know who/what they are. But the story... wow. I could not have been more hooked. At first it started off a little slow, mostly to get you introduced to the characters and get some backstory going. After the 2nd mako reactor explosion and you get knocked into slums and fall through the church and meet Aeris... it all changes. The direction, tone and emotion starts running higher. Battles get more intense. You really get the feel that something big, much bigger than even all these characters is building up. It all seems to point to Shinra, but even as you infiltrate it, something is even more disturbing. JENOVA. Soon as I saw that short cutscene with Cloud peeking inside its stasis chamber.. my jaw dropped. I wanted to know what it is, where it came from, what they are using it for etc etc etc. But thats what set this game apart. The more answers you get, the more questions were raised than before.The world is huge, lots of explorable areas with side quests and storylines. I spent alot of time raising the Chocobos and racing them to get the Gold Choco so I can access the caves that contained important and powerful items and materia.Materia System: One of the best magic systems I have encountered to date. While you won't use all the materia you buy/find. Its the reward of seeing that glowing green/blue/red/yellow/purple stone that makes you fight to get it and see what it is. Summons are excellent with great animation for the time it was made. Knights of the Round was very long to summon, but the damage and wait is well worth it.Characters: Some of the most diverse ever seen and very deep with different backgrounds. I think the first time I really got a sense of how immense this story was getting was when I first went into Shinra Mansion with all the creepy creatures you fight and head into the basement where all the Shinra research was stored regarding JENOVA, Sephiroth and the experiments. The characters sucked you in with their drive and emotion to the situations. Making you want to keep going and see whats around the next corner.In conclusion, for us long-timers here this game never gets old. For the newcomers, get ready to experience something extraordinary. To quote the back of the Playstation case.. "What erupts goes beyond imagintion".
An interesting aspect of the Final Fantasy series was that all of the games were essentially an experiment. The first game was the ultimate experiment: will this game succeed or will Square go under? But each game was a stage in development.FF- Choosing party, and character sprites in battle(Before that, the Dragon Warrior games had battle head-on)FFII- wound-developable characters(Romancing SaGa later employed this, when you survive near death your hp goes up, when you fight alot attack goes up, etc.)FF3J- simple job system (completely changes characters, no permanent skills)FF4- Changing characters (a dark knight becomes a paladin)FFV- Advanced job system (level up with one of the non-command skills to default class, and you permanently learn it, for instance the run skill you can learn from the thief, and then de-equip it)FFVI- basic GF system (mainly just boosts skills)FF7- basic weapon systemFF8- GF systemFF9- I heard it had some sort of advanced weapon system where different weapons learn different magic, never bought the gameLikewise, the plot in each was experimental. They fiddled around with the crystal concept in FF1, FF3J, FF4, FFV.  They had ruthless kings, dark overlords, and the occasional malicious squid. But the most intense game I have played so far was Final Fantasy 7. Why? Well, when halfway through the game your character doesn't even know who he is anymore, it is pretty interesting.  Not to mention you have combos to build, chocobos to raise and race (never was good at this), and some pretty weird items to collect (I mean honestly, what other game has you give some girl digestant in exchange for perfume and a dress for your male character to wear).
Words really can describe how wonderful this game is. The first thing you will notice is the incredible graphics (note: a 3D card is not required!.) Everything is drawn in great detail right down to character traits and facial expressions (who would have thought a fleshless person would be so good with expressions.) The story is also very entertaining and added with the graphics, it makes this a very absorbing adventure. This is one of the few games that I can't say anything negative about. This is a must have!
Grim Fandango will definitally be enjoyed by fans of film noir and mexican mythology. I'd give it a 4 and a half if i could. The graphics have their flaws and the game runs choppy on systems not far ahead of the system requirements. Some of the puzzles are utterly impossible to figure out without incredible luck or the aid of a stradegy guide but the game is truly astonishing. You follow the character Manny Calavera, a travel agent for the dead, guiding souls to their final resting place in the best way possible. For some reason, Manny is denied any premium clients. Whos behind all this? Find out over a 4 year journey from the dusty streets of El Marrow, to the edge of the world and back again. Absolutely beautiful backgrounds and film noir-ish music immerse you in the atmosphere. Clever interface and variable controls are great. A very involving game. Not too long not too short. Humor and wit are weaved through every scene. In conclusion, film noir style, surreal visuals, toe tapping and ensuing music, gripping story, charming characters, and challenging puzzles will intrigue all game fans.
I had problems with it at first - crashing but then i installed the patch that i downloaded and it worked great. The game did remind me a lot of the Monkey Island series. Although monkey Island i'd say had the best music. Grim had ok music. Game was funny and at the end i wanted more- i finished it too fast (i shouldn't have used those cheats). Really recommended, I wish there was a part II.
This was truly one of the best games I have played in a long time. It has challenging puzzles that may at times seem impossible but the solution is often right before your eyes. Based upon the Mexican Day of the Dead it  gives the player a little bit of background while keeping them entertained.  Great game, lots of P.I. cliches, mentally stimulating, and just plain FUN!
Not a whole lot to say except that as far as adventure games go, this is  the standard that all others should try to exceed.Outstanding voice  acting and scripting. Hilarious game without making fun of itself. Tough  but logical puzzles that will have you scratching your head. Beautiful and  ORIGINAL storyline, movie material right here.This is what adventure  gaming was fated for.
I was very dubious when I started playing Grim Fandango.  An adventure game with polygons?  And the SCUMM menu interface system that was in every single past Lucasarts adventure game was gone?  But I gave it a try.  Thank  goodness I did.Grim Fandango is a story about Manny Calavera, a travel  agent for the souls of the dead.  He sells packages to the departed for  their four year journey to their just rewards, and if he sells enough he  can earn enough to make his own trip someday.Imagine the theme of  Casablanca with some mexican folklore and Mayan art thrown in for fun.  Add  big orange demons, hot rods, killer beavers, cat races, and the grim reaper  and you have Grim Fandango.The story is supurb and the voice acting was  top notch.  It's very difficult to do a dramatic yet humorous story, but  somehow this game pulls it off.  Grim Fandango could yank me to the brink  of tears one moment and cause me to almost bust a gut another.The things  that make a good adventure game are all there.  Logical puzzles that don't  cause your gameplay to come to a standstill until you solve them, good  acting, good animation, and good code!  If I were ever forced to reccomend  only on adventure game to someone, this would be it.
This is without a doubt one of the best games ever made - adventure or otherwise. It is fun, amusing, original, colorful, and challenging without being annoying. The only games that came close to it may be the Monkey Island series or The Last Express. The game is beautifully designed, with unforgettable characters, amazing landscapes, and reminds me of being inside a really well-written movie. Sadly, LucasArts stopped making games like this, a loss for the world.
If they made more games like this, I'd be a pauper. Intelligent, funny, easy to use, easy to solve, and no bloody chess problems. It's also thought-provoking, gorgeous, well-written, and as believable as talking skeletons and elevator demons can make it. One of my favorites that I play over and over again. One caveat: At least one puzzle seems to be tied to processor speed, so if you have a fast machine you'll need to download a patch from the manufacturers' website. Well worth the trouble, though.
This is the EPITOME of graphic adventures. No other game has even come close to GRIM FANTANGO when it comes to humor (of all shades and shapes), inventiveness, delicious irony, creative graphics and plain good-ol' FUN!!This is a 10-year old game mind you - yet, it retains its freshness as any true work of art. THIS IS HOW COMPUTER GAMES SHOULD HAVE BEEN - and not the pathetic cookie-cutter products of mega-corporations working in-tandem with GX-card companies...Your character (hilarious and lovable Manny Calavera) is already...dead when you start. In fact he has been dead for some time, stuck in limbo, trying to pay his way to a better afterlife by selling tickets to other souls on their way to paradise. Guess what: corruption is not limited just to this world. And where there is corruption, there is oppression; and where there is oppression, there is always a revolution brewing...Realizing he is being duped, Manny reluctantly joins the afterlife underground and takes us in a tour de force of one of the MOST BEAUTIFUL GAME EVER PRODUCED. Immersing noirish atmosphere, detailed art-deco settings, fast Bogartian dialogs - with a subtle ironic frosting.WARNING: There are known problems with today's faster processors. So, unless you have a really old system running Win98 you will need the WinXP PATCH (otherwise you will not get past the crane scene).WITH THE HIGHEST RECOMMENDATIONS!!!
I still remember when I first bought this game in the 90's and I still playthe game from time to time for both entertainment and nostalgia.  As with most of the pc games in the 90's there was no type commands but just the point and click with the mouse usually but still the humor and video cut scenes in the game were more than enough to keep you playing until the end.  The short story-plot was your character was a civil servant for the spiritual plane where the recently departed had to stop before making their final passage to eternal rest.  Your character for whatever reason had to work off a certain amount of time to clear his debt before going to the place of eternal rest as well.  The job was you worked to see how well the person who just died was in life meaning the more compassionate, and humane they were in life the faster to paradise they would get to meaning the usual ways to get to paradise depending on the person was bus, boat, car, and if very high on the morality meter the number nine train which would only take nine minutes for the person to get to paradise.  Of course there was more to the game and that is why it made it very entertaining to play.  The video graphics are of the 90's era so again if your used to playing recent pc games you might feel the graphics are sub par but don't let that dissuade you from this game.  The voice actors they got to do the characters were incredible both in their acting for their characters and their ability to bring the humor and excitement into the game itself.  I know while some think this doesn't have the fighting or the action of recent pc games but I still feel that it's one of the few classics that many people will still find very enjoyable to play both for themselves and children without worrying about to much violence of the game.
If you liked Full Trottle and love LucasArts' games in general, you'll love this game. It's one of the funniest games I've ever played. The way all the charters talk hispanic is enough to me laugh out loud. Manny  Calavera is the most likeable anit-hero you'll ever have the pleasure to  control, in this fantastic Land of The Dead adventure game. Who said the  adventure games was dead. Grim Fandango proofs them all wrong...
I don't go for adventure games, personally.  Ninety percent of the time, I prefer shooters.  But this one...man, it's so weird, so unique, and so GENIUS through and through, how can you not love it?Here's the story.  Manny Calavera is a low-level salesman trying to earn an honest commission and make a decent day's pay, but it never seems to work out for him.  His boss is constantly on his back, he's routinely snaked by a competitor, Domino Hurley, and the right sales never come his way.  It's a lousy life to have.Especially if you're already dead.That's the twist; Manny, and just about everyone else in the game, is dead.  This whole game takes place in the Land of the Dead of Mexican/Aztec folklore, with a strong Art Deco influence, with heavy doses of '30s crime noir thrown in.  Everyone in the game is fashioned to look like the sugar skeletons used in Day of the Dead festivals (called 'calaveras'; get it?).Manny works in the Department of Death, trying to work off his time for his misdeeds when he was alive.  He does that by trying to sell 'travel packages' to the recently deceased, so they can make their four-year journey across the Land of the Dead, until they reach the portal leading to the Land of Eternal Rest.  The quality of life this person lived determines whether they get to use a car, a luxury liner, or the exclusive No. 9 train, which speeds its passengers there in four minutes, instead of the customary four years.Unfortunately, the kind of lowlifes who keep coming Manny's way only deserve walking sticks at best, which does absolutely nothing to help Manny work off his time.  So, he decides to take matters into his own hands and STEAL the right kind of client.And that's when he gets in over his head.The story is pure crime noir with a technicolor twist, like Raymond Chandler meets Tim Burton.  The plot Manny uncovers is convoluted, brilliant, deeply twisted, and diabolical like you've never imagined possible.  It's also incredibly, unspeakably funny.  Tim Schaefer is one absurd individual, make no mistake.Yes, it's an old game, I know.  But the true classics know no age, and this is a classic all right.  So take advantage of the price, snap it up, and book a trip with your new favorite travel agent.  He's waiting for you...
Grim Fandango combines every element you look for in an adventure game in a fluent and involving fashion.  The plot, the comedy, the political intrigues, an occasional romance...  All right here!  One of the things I found most amusing was, whenever Manny (the main character)  manages to build his life (or is it death?) up again, you (the player)  takes over and manages to ruin it in a day!  (Whew, think I got enough  parenthesis in!)  If you enjoy an easy-going adventure game with a great  story to tell, this game's for you!
Possibly the most original game idea in the history of adventure games, _Grim Fandango_ has a charm which is all in the execution.  This is as close to being in a movie as the adventure game genre has yet allowed.  Blending the tradition of Mexican folklore with the suave of sixties' beat  culture and the style of _The Big Combo_, _Fandango_ is a sensory  explosion.  Somewhat courageously, it does *not* attempt to make its  graphics realistic.  Rather, it searches successfully to use its medium to  best effect.  Like the best films, _Fandango_ manipulates its elements to  produce a world unto itself.  Its first-rate direction and hitherto  unique-to-adventure-games 3D technology  points the way forward for the  adventure games.True, some of the puzzles are hard, but none of them  really seem out of place.  Indeed, there is with _Grim Fandango_ a true  sense of plot.  Maybe the characters don't develop as they do in novels or  great films, but, thanks to fine vocal talent and crisp writing, they do  maintain charming integrity throughout.If I have a complaint with the  game, it is the interface by which your character, Manny, communicates with  others.  You choose from among several sentence options, like those old  &quot;choose-an-ending&quot; books.  It's not a *bad* way to play a game, I  suppose, but just as multiple choice tests are always easier than writing  essays, being able to choose from amongst a few limited options make it  easier to get information out of the rest of the game's cast.  As a  result, solving problems is sometimes dead simple.  Of course, there aren't  many better options for game developers trying to give players a sense of  control of their destinies, but it makes one long for the day when the  promise of a game like _Titanic_, with its limited ability to understand  unique phrases typed in by the player, might be more fully realized.Some people, though, might like the fact that they exhaust their  investigations of other characters pretty quickly.  It does speed game  play, and isn't as frustrating as trying to find the right questions on  your own might be.  This *is* a big game, with lots of scenes and lots of  people to meet.  Speed-of-play matters.  So, even if I personally believe  there must be a better way to communicate to other characters, I can hardly  rate the game down for what is possibly the best solution currently  available.Thus, even if you think you don't like adventure games, you  should still buy _Grim Fandango_.  Likewise, if you don't have time to play  adventure games, you should get a walkthrough and cheat your way to the  end, because the graphics, story, and soundtrack are just that good.  This  is one of the seminal achievements in the genre, and to miss out on it  would be to accept a huge gap in your understanding of where the games  industry might be heading.
Even though this game is almost 15 years old and uses a modified Quake engine, it is still one of the most FUN and best shooters ever to be made. In fact all other first person shooters and games in general can learn from Half Life 1. The game world is extremely immersive. There are no level ends, there is no text to read, there are no scores and everyone talks to you without freezing you into a cut scene. All of this makes you feel less like you are a player playing a game, but you are indeed the hero Gordon Freeman. Characters recognize you, talk to you, and you can have them come with you or stay put. Security guards that come with you will shoot enemies (slowly).The story is that you are silent protagonist Gordon Freeman (you'll feel like him by the end) and you work for Black Mesa, your standard super secret facility. Something goes horribly wrong and uh. The formula is very simple, but they execute it so well that other games have copied it and failed (Doom 3). Needless to say you need to fight your way out through the facility, on the desert (being chased by a helicopter), and everything else would just be a spoiler. There are no levels, no loading screens. Loading is seamless and happens during downtime.Half Life 1 has simple controls and an optional tutorial level. There are buttons for jumping, crouching (sneaking), using your flashlight (that needs to be off to charge it), shooting, secondary shooting (for machine guns) and "using" things. The game is always in run mode and character speed seems to be fast. Too fast sometimes, but there is that sneak button that will slow you down.But how is the first person shooting? There is a wide variety of guns and each has a certain joy and usefulness to them. Even the simple pistol is useful for lesser enemies 8 hours into the game. There is a shotgun, a machine gun with grenade launcher, grenades, explosives you detonate, wall sensors with explosives, a harpoon, a laser guided rocket launcher that once it launches you point your cursor and it will turn accordingly, lasers, homing missiles, head crabs and more. An amazing array that you continue to get even up to the final levels areas. To swap weapons you push 6 number keys and press some keys twice to access some weapons like the shotgun / machine gun / harpoon.You start with a crowbar good for breaking grates, and destroying boxes. Destroying boxes is how you will find most items and ammo. Instead of just finding things scattered on the floor, on shelves or on a desk you need to bash open boxes to find the good stuff. You can also push or pull the boxes too which is nice for puzzle solving and platforming.The enemies are just as diverse and each one requires you to think and act differently. Since I don't know the name of any enemy I'll fumble through this. The start enemies are lesser creatures that will start on the floor and jump at you. 2 shots from a pistol take them out. There are zombie-ish aliens that take a shotgun or two, but they are easy enough to avoid. Aliens that teleport in and beam electricity at you will cause you to hide, pudgy little alien crawler / hoppers will make you shoot from a distance because they will send out a small shockwave. Standard soldiers that will shoot machine guns, throw grenades and coordinate attacks against you like flanking. Ceiling huggers that are yucky red globs on the ceiling with long rope like tongues that when they catch you, you'll be pulled up and eaten... if you don't shoot them. Giant aliens with homing missiles too. There is a wide variety of enemies and bosses. I can't list them all.The game also shines with its tricks and traps and will throw a puzzle or challenge at you to keep you thinking. But in this game it doesn't feel like a puzzle or a challenge. It seems natural. There can be a hidden turret where the fun is making your choice how to take it out... Grenade, explosive, shooting it and getting shot in the process, running by it or just not hitting the trip wire to start it in general. Wall sensor explosives, push and pull box puzzles, pushing buttons, hopping hanging boxes over a pit, conveyer belts, using a sky cannon to destroy walls, using turrets, on rails vehicles that you have a lot of control over, water puzzles, high jump pads and so on. There is a lot of variety and it's never the same thing twice.To sum it up, this is a diverse and VERY FUN game. It has a sense of humor to it and you'll feel like you are Gordon Freeman through the game's well crafted immersion. Puzzles, shooting and challenges all melded together into one fantastic game and I can't say that too often.
I was never a big fan of the first-person shooter (FPS) genre, but after giving Half-Life a try (thanks to all of the glimmering reviews), I am absolutely hooked. From the opening tram sequence, you're mesmerized by  Gordon Freeman's plight and the falling Black Mesa world surrounding him.  It's a game that keeps you in a trance from midnight to the first crack of  sunlight (apologies to my wife!). After dishing out punishment to those  Marines, be sure to frag some people in the outstanding multiplayer modes.  The fun gets even better, and the taste of death is even sweeter when you  blow apart that guy with 196 kills. Half-Life is truly a work of art.  Opposing Forces, here I come.
I bought the original when it first came out in 1998. In late 2004 Valve rereleased Half-Life with the update source engine used in Half-life 2. There is no new content though. I decided to play source to coincide with the 10th anniversary of this amazing game. Source just has more realistic water, a better physics engine, ragdolls, some better lighting effects, cleaner mapping and new 3D skybox. I am happy I have played source but the differences between this and the original may not be enough to justify the costs. The differences are not really noticeable. So if you want to play Half-Life just know that there are two versions of the game out there. Half-Life standard and Half-Life: Source.Now, to the story so far... In the Beginning... There was nothing new much in the Half-Life game engine which was essentially just a modern hack of the Quake game engine, so how could a game that based itself on software that others developed succeed in becoming the biggest selling game of all time? When Half-Life first came out it did a couple of things right that most other first person shooters failed to do... (1)Story, (2)Story and (3)Story. Valve created Half-Life in a period of our lives when Area 51 was a hot topic among UFO buffs and the X-Files was to become mainstream family television viewing. Alien based entertainment media was a craze in the mid and late 1990's, unprecedented since the 1950s. Smack in the middle of what could be considered the most influential era for UFO enthusiasts came HALF-LIFE where YOU get to play as Gordon Freeman, a physics researcher who witnesses a freak accident in an Area 51 type facility. All hell breaks loose and YOU have to survive. No cut scenes. No initial story. No explanation. You where just there and you had to escape. Cue interactive characters that could follow you around and say a few things, maps rich in objects that you could break eventually leading up to rapid action shootouts with monsters and marines.Playing HL again was simply reliving that experience all over. Yes games have improved but this offering still destroys a lot of the competition. Valve just did it right and there is no reason not to want to load this up and give it a whirl again. Let's face it, this is gaming history. Half-life changed the FPS scene in ways other games have since tried but failed. Has there ever been a revolution in FPS quite like Half-life? Some may have come close but not nearly as far. That is how important this game is.
Half Life Revolutionized PC gaming.  It is one of the greatest IF not The best pc game ever made.  It has bin said that from almost every Pc Mag or Game mag.  I was a few to own this masterpiece when it first hit stores and all I can say is...wowThis game really changed about the FPS gaming.  It just made me think different about FPS.  It truly is a masterpiece.  I won't spoil this games amazing story of the g man's adventure.  I wont even say how good this game is you just have to play it for your self.The graphics for that time was amazing and so will the upcoming HALF LIFE 2 BABY!  nuff saidThe gameplay.......You're a moron if You acctually think I'm gonna go into that since we already no how incredible the game is....Nuff' saidThe story is what makes this game...a game..it's not just any shooter...it's history in the making..well for games atleast...I'm just gonna make this short and sweet for you...THIS GAME IS AMAZING!Of course this deserves a5 out of 5 stars!!!!!!!Amazing...Just amazing...Nuff said get the game before HL2 comes out..Lates..
Made in 98, but still better quality, play, and design than most games on the market in '05.  Good storyline, great AI and graphics, not-overly aggressive system requirments, tons of add-ons available.  Incredible single player mode, good weapon selection, and arguably one of the best FPS online games of all time.  If you like HALO, you will like Halflife.  Very similar, but no limit on how many weapons you can carry, and the levels aren't as repetative.  (My biggest complaint about Halo, though it's obvious why, many of the levels and hallways are exact copies of one you've seen dozens of times already...gives a feeling of being lost, and even fed up at times.) Halo does have the edge as far as cars and what not though. I also recommend Halflife 2, the sequel to what I'm talkin about here...  INSANE graphics and gameplay.
posibly the best game i ever played !this game is great, u may think u should just rent it, but dont.This game is so long it took me bout 2 months to pass it.there is a great storyline.i played all of HL games and this is the best one.for example in half life 1 u get to a radio, and a soldier says there to retreat. if u play opposing forse ull see this guy saying same thing to abort and same voice.great story line, great wepons, great multiplayer.trust me ull never get tired of this game.GET THE GAME!!!P.S.: you wont regret this.
I usually turned off all lights and played game in deep night after a whole-day work, even on bloody Quake I or Doom II, it is ok. And I was for a long time a Quake II fan, esp. in single player mode. With numerous add-on levels distributed on the web, I thought the 3D-shooter game has  reached the limit in Quake II. But alas, what a game the Half-Life is!  I  DARE NOT played it in the deep night alone with all lights off. With a very  good storyline and excellent atmosphere, the game is horrible!  You never  know what the next step will be. The monsters are not stupidly standing  there waiting for your bullets, instead they are chasing and hunting you.  It is simply the best single player 3d shoot game so far.
Great game. Old now of course, but still fun to play. Good gameplay and pretty good graphics, not the best but good. Fun shooter. The Half-Life series is really successful and this is the game that started it. You dont have to have a great computer to play this game and thats the plus of it. I never beat this game, but got close to it, I just got stuck lol. If you are new to the Half-Life series, then this is the game to get. Check it out!
I was feeling nostalgic last week so I started playing Unreal again.  Probably for my third time through at this point!  While Unreal doesn't have as much replay value as a game like Half Life it certainly does have its moments!  Unreal was one of those really impressive FPS games for it's time.  It boasted great graphics and intense game play.  Of course by 2008's standards these graphics merely look silly!  But if you were picking this up in '98 like I was, you were pretty impressed.I figure I'll throw in some points about playing this on a more current system, since I experienced some issues here and there.  Being a game made for Windows 98 it doesn't translate perfectly over to an XP 32 bit system.  I have no idea what this would do on Vista's 64 bit architecture.  Basically when re-installing it I got a strange error with the option to "ignore".  You can definitely get away with doing that and then it will install fine.  Strangely every time you reinsert the disc to play some more you have to cancel out of the install process and that "ignore" message comes up as well.  I'm not sure if this is just my system, but I recommend saving quite frequently, at least every time you hit a "load" screen.  For some reason the game will randomly crash after a little while and it exits out completely for you.  This can be frustrating if you've been playing for a while, because it doesn't auto save between load screens.  Otherwise it played very smoothly on the newer system.  You can also get the Unreal Anthology which has been updated to handle Windows XP.  Oh and this was on a Pentium 4, 3.0 ghz system.That being said, I'll move onto the actual review for anyone thinking about delving into this great game for their first time.  The first thing you notice is that you have almost no health.  You begin to discover why as you start wandering around a crashed space ship and it appears you were some kind of prisoner.  Naturally the first things you need to do are finding some health and then find some way out of the ship.  The ship is kind of a boring part of the level, but it leads you a bit into the story line because you clearly crash landed on an alien planet.  When you finally get out of the ship the first thing you'll notice is how amazing and stunning the world is that has been created for you.  Outside it's very bright and vibrant in spots.  This felt a little different compared to games like Quake, Half Life, Doom, because a lot of those games are very dark and have a major dungeon crawl atmosphere to them.  Unreal has a lot of that usual stuff as well, but it also has a lot of time spent outside where you get to see amazing scenery.  One thing the developers did right was making you feel like the in game world was huge!  This was really impressive and fun when you first got into it.As you explore and interact with the world you learn more about what's going on with this planet called Na Pali.  Apparently the native people are called the Nali and they've been enslaved by an alien race called the Skaarj.  The Nali are extreme pacifists and I can't help but think their designers wanted them to be Buddhists for the most part.  The Skaarj on the other hand are the main enemy of the game, though not the only enemy creatures you'll face.  They are a warrior race that pretty much takes over wherever it sees fit.  You'll notice that the Skaarj design is clearly influenced by Predator.  They have a humanoid lizard design and have a mouth design that looks just like that of a Predator.  To brandish even MORE similarities they also have energy weapons and steel double claws attached to their arms.  As you can see this isn't very original.  Another part that is kind of unoriginal/strange is the Nali castles that you come across.  They are clearly living in what we would term a medieval level society versus the Skaarj who have high grade technology.  Strangely you come across large castles that look like they're straight out of thirteenth century England.  I know... strange for a race of pacifists.  Despite all this, those parts are some of the most fun to play through.  I loved going into the castles and running around!Another aspect that made Unreal very special, when compared to other FPS games, was the sheer amount of atmosphere that is injected into this game.  It truly does feel like you're on an alien world.  The sounds, the textures, were all there perfectly bringing you into this world, almost so much that you didn't want to leave!  You even hear echoes off of cliffs if you're walking through a cavern, it's like they tried to get as many little details in order to immerse the user.  For it's time the Unreal graphics engine was also very impressive and really took things up a notch in the gaming world.  They also programmed enemies to react more realistically to the user when confronted.  So when I'm fighting against the Skaarj enemies they will actually make an effort to jump out of the way of my shots.  This was really cool to see and I really only found that in games like Half Life.The maps you have to navigate through are pretty massive at times.  I really felt like a lot of the level design was also influenced by the great game Marathon.  A lot of times in order to open a door you have to search out a series of levers, or whatever, in order to proceed onto the next section.  This game literally has hours of game play and probably took me in the vicinity of 20 to 30 hours to complete, so you really get your moneys worth.  The downfall to having such large maps is it's kind of easy to get lost sometimes if you're trying to complete certain tasks.  Another detriment to the game was the lighting.  I put this game on maximum brightness levels in order to help me see where I was going.  Sometimes that wasn't even bright enough.  There are sections of this game that are absolutely dark, especially towards the end of the game.  While this creates a very scary atmosphere, I felt it hindered the game play once in a while.  The reason this hurts game play is because the flashlight function is incredibly annoying to deal with.  You have to pick up flashlights or flares in order to see in the pitch black areas.  Now to make it more realistic the flashlights eventually run out of batteries or something, but this was poorly incorporated because they only last a few minutes.  Seriously, the flashlights in real life would NOT die so quickly and then it's up to you to go find another one.  The only reason this hurts the game is because if you no longer have light, you can't enjoy the environment nearly as much.Aside from a couple flaws this is a pretty awesome game and I had a lot of fun playing it.  In '98 this came out around the same time as Half Life and they were both the must play FPS games that year.  Half Life ultimately won the game of the year slot mainly because of story line.  Unfortunately Unreal's story line is pretty poor in the greater scheme of things.  The user doesn't really feel a greater purpose to their mission and instead you are merely trying to complete levels and puzzles.  Whereas Half Life created a vastly well written world where you were trying to get out of a facility and stop an experiment gone out of control.  Unreal just couldn't compete with something of that caliber and it's not nearly as engrossing on that level.  Beautiful world and really fun to play overall, but not the best of the year.Overall Rating: 4.5 out of 5.
This game is fun to play just for looking at all of the scenery. I enjoy all the brilliant colors and the array of monsters to kill. This is a Quake-type game but is better in everyway except the weapons. Just plain  fun.
Really enjoyed this classic FPS. Hardcore gamers wont be disappointed. i highly recommend purchasing. Graphics are great, story-line is solid (and not so short) , audio is excellent and the price is right.
The game may be old, but it's still fun as hell. The scenery and graphics are really not that bad at all. Quite a change from "traditional" fps games... which is definitely a good thing.
When the day I got unreal and tried it, I loved it so much I started calling up friends and telling them how incredible thatgame was, the gameplay is one of best gameplay ever experiencedin a game, you are a prisoner in a prisoner vessel headingto a prison moon believed to be called(the prison ship):VortexRikers. But when the skaarj detect you and pull you on to the once peaceful planet of NaPali, then all goes wrong!your best friend gets eaten by a skaarj, you barely manage to escape a now turned to a skaarj slaughter prison vessel, you reach outside grounds and say this can't be real, no it's not, it's UNREAL!Unreal takes you through 39 heart beating, breath taking missions, where you fight for life to survive, collecting itemslike defenses and weapons, travel through temples, facilitys, castles, bases, mountians, journey through what napali has to offer, and end up and the skaarj mothers ship, confronting the queen skaarj.......unaided and alone!I would indenefinetley recommend this game to first person sci-fi fan shooters!
This game is so incredible,the graphics, the sound quality, the digital music, the gameplay, the AI, everything about it....When I first stepped outside of the prison ship using opengl support(Using 3d hardware rendering on your 3d video card), along with 3dhardware support, sound quality at maxium, and using a pentium2 350, tnt 3d video card, 128 sdram, and 16 mb of harddrive space, it ran incredible, it was UNREAL.But I've been hearing about why 3dfx support from voodoo video cards looks so incredible, I've been wondering that it's more incredible that opengl or direct3d support.Still, this game {kicks behind}!!!!!BUy it!!!!!only 7 dollars today, stop by at eletronics boutique and buy this game!!!!!(I reccomend at least a shiny new pentium two, a whole lot of memory, for a example, 128mb of sdram, 6gs of harddrive space, and a powerful 3d sound card, and a 3d video card with lot's of ram on it.).
As a fan of Myst and Riven, I would not put this game in the same  category.  However, it does equally well for it's type.  Myst and Riven  don't have a main character that you are per se, whereas in this game, you  have a name and a face.The game puts you in the shoes of one agent Craig  Wilmore.  He is put on a case to find the missing X-files staff: Agents Fox  Mulder and Dana Scully.  As an X-files fan, I found this game very  entertaining.  As a gamer it was well within the genre of adventure games.  There were hints, stuff to pick up, things to do etc.  This was well  within the capabilities of non-X filers and should be equally entertaining.I likened this game to the Gabriel Knight 2: The Beast within and  Phantasmagoria.  Unlike Phantasmagoria, there were no gory scenes (of which  I was thankful). The people were movies of real people and not cartoons.  The dialgue though limited offered enough variability. One important point  would be to save often.  I got killed alot.The game had enough of a  plot you could figure out what to do next.  That is essential rather than  blindly clicking on everything you could pick up.All in all a good buy.  When's the next one?
The game in many ways is like tony hawk.  In fact, the only differnt thing this snowboarding.  The graphic and gameplay are good.  With 5 differnt boarders to use and alot of tracks, the game is worth the money.
I'm 23 now, got the game when it first came out when I was around 12. Still the bet snowboarding game of all time. So much fun that I still get the n64 out here and there simply to play this game. Has a time attack mode, trick mode, racing series, and a mixture of them all. Just a great classic that rates up their with 007 Goldeneye for classic N64 games that could last forever for those every now and then gamers like myself. Great game...that's highly reccomended.
When my cousin first got this on his birthday, I was thinking &quot; this is just gonna be like all the other snowboarding games I've played&quot;.  Man was I wrong!  With 8 levels of exciting, heart stopping jump, twists and turns, this is one game you don't wanna miss.  It has all the best modes, Match Race&lt;this is where you earn hidden levels against the computer&gt;, 2 Player, Trick Attack, Time Attack,and Contest, this is one game that won't get tiring fast.  Heed this warning:if you buy this game, don't go after the 1080 just yet, it's hard to master.  What more do I have to say?  Buy this game!
Once you get the hang of the controls, this game is awesome... it's challenging and entertaining, and everyone should have one.This game has amazing graphics-- you can even see the snow spray off the board when you make the slightest turn. Plus, the camera controls are flawless. The sound track is pretty good, too- you can hear the snowboard scraping and the snowboarders sometimes talk, and the techo tracks that accompany the races are pretty cool too.My only complaint is that there aren't enough courses. After I unlocked the 6 courses and beat the &quot;Black Diamond&quot; level, there wasn't much else to do. But even after you've unlocked all the courses, it's still fun to play against your friends in the 2 Person VS mode, or doing tricks in the half pipe.I think that anyone who has a N64 should add this game to their collection, without a doubt... it's a solid game, and you won't regret it.
Without any doubt, 1080 Snowboarding is probably the best snowboarding game available.The difficulty of the controls are a little more difficult than other snowboarding games and may take a little bit more time to master, but it's well worth it. Landing correctly is also a little harder to do than normal.The mode and track selection is very nice, offering a nice variety of tracks and available modes. The tracks offer beautiful scenery, sometimes very big jumps, jumping over cars, and a lot more.The tricks and the stunts selection that you can perform is very reasonable. Although you can't go beyond 1080 degree turns, there are other tricks that you might not find in any other snowboarding game.1080 also includes a Training mode, which includes two different sections, the halfpipe and a straight run with moguls. When you begin, you can turn into the left gate for the halfpipe to practice your tricks, or you can head into the right gate for a straight downhill run with moguls scattered all over. When you finish, you start back up at the main gate and you keep going until you decide to quit.1080 also has a few secret riders and boards within the game.Overall, 1080 is probably the best snowboarding game around, without any doubt. Would be definitely worth buying.
I love the Nintendo 64! I still play some games occasionally and this one was always a fun one. It will frustrate you though!
I was actually thinking about this game a few months ago and it was killing me that I couldn't remember the name.  This game was a ton of fun though I'm sure if I played it now I would laugh at how dated it is.  If you have a way to play this I recommend it.  I blew a lot of hours on this game and would gladly pick it up again if they made it available for download on the PS3.
Fans of any oldschool dungeon crawler should snap this game up. In a similar style to other games of the time, you assume the roll of a monster hunter with a mission to climb a mysterious tower following in your father's footsteps.Some may say the graphics are dated. I feel that they are nostalgic. With randomly-generated dungeons, spelunking is always a grand adventure. A must-have for any RPG lover!
9 out of 10 people will probably see this, and pass it up as another cheap RPG, for one thing you only have 1 dungeon (gasp) when you leve you level back down to 1 (GAsp), and you capture monster just like in Pokemon (GASP).  No it's not a compelation of rip off's, this is a classic that is highly addicting, and incredibly fun, if given a chance.The story revolves around a young lad (you name) who on his fifteenth birthday is given the opportunity to become a hunter and explore the depths of the Monster Tower to retrieve riches, however to do so he must not only survive, but grow as a trainer and as a man.  In comes the Kewe, the monster you will likely use for a majority of the game.  He is a fire type (there are only three types) and he is your brief tutorial, and key to success early on.... YOu also must build up your respect to the townsfolk, to do this you must enlarge certain places (Temple, Hospital) and build new things (Library, Gym, Casino, Race Track, Bowling Alley ect..) and the town will grow to respect you.Now as for the tower it'self, there are 40 floors, everytime you leave you go back down to level 1.  No it's not immpossible for two reasons.A) Your monsters level stays the same when you leave, this is due to the fact that they are more like equipment.B) Weapons and armors stay the same, when a red or blue sand is used your weapons and armor grow more powerful, so technically you can easily dominate the first few levels without you monsters assistance.Overall this game is tricky, you will die the first few times (lose all your items except monsters)  but once they are strong enough you can succeed.  There are 40 randomly changeing floors and they get more and more difficult as you go along.  YOu must adjust your mosnters accordingly by class.A)FireB)WindC)WaterFire beats Wind, Water beats Fire, Wind Beats Water.I would buy this for the challenge it possess, guarennteed addiction.
This is most likely one of the best N64 Games Ever made, Its way better then Super mario 64 in everyway (and possibly Zelda too), its rich, colorful and very addicting, The soundtracks are also one of my favorite things about the game- it has a happy and also very awesome tune to them making them addictive (you just cant stop listening to it!), and the world designs (10 total I believe) are all very Beautiful and Gorgeous, I've beaten the game to 100% and I still go back to the worlds and gaze in thier amazement, its just really cool, this game is a MUST HAVE for any Nintendo 64 player, Im serious if you dont have this, your missing out BIG time.PS. check out its Sequel Banjo-Tooie after you've bought this!
Rare just has an extraordinary knack at making great games. Banjo Kazooie was released in 1998 and has been considered a classic since, and I too must agree with this well deserved honor. Well, why do I find this game fantastic? Well, I'll explain that in my review.First off let's talk about Banjo Kazooie's story. Banjo's sister Tooty is kidnapped by the wicked witch Gruntilda. Gruntilda has planned on swapping Tooty's beauty to her, but not if Banjo and his friend Kazooie can help it! Okay, seriously this story is pretty lame, but hey! It's a game. In My opinion, no matter how good the graphics are, or how great the story is, it all boils down to one thing. And that's gameplay. And Banjo Kazooie has fantastic gameplay.In Banjo Kazooie you play as Banjo and...well...Kazooie, and Kazooie stays inside Banjo's backpack at all times, but she's not useless. They both work as a team and learn many moves, which brings us to our next character, Bottles. Bottles the mole helps you learn different moves to help you defeat Gruntilda and rescue Tooty. But do you just walk up to Gruntilda and save Tooty? Not at all, there are several items to collect to defeat Gruntilda. The most important one is jiggies, there are ten jiggies in each world and you need several items to collect them. Along the way Bottles teaches you to use certain items, such as eggs to shoot through Kazooie's mouth, or how to fly when you collect enough feathers. Another essential item to collect is mumbo tokens. Gruntilda has hidden mumbo tokens all around her enormous lair and if you collect enough you can visit the great shaman Mumbo Jumbo and he will transform you into different creatures to help you along your journey. So you have plenty to do in this game, I can guarantee that. Another essential item are music notes, in each world one hundred music notes are scattered all around and if you collect enough you can open new doors in Gruntilda's massive lair. But I do find it to become quite tedious sometimes. Why? You may ask. Because each time you leave and re-enter a world all the notes are still there, no matter how many you've collected. Let's say you've collected ninety-nine out of the hundred possible music notes to collect, well if you leave the world and re-enter, you would have to collect all ninety nine notes again, you couldn't go searching for the one music note you hadn't collected. And while yet this situation is highly unlikely, it's still annoying no matter how many notes you have to re-collect. Fortunately, if you don't care about collecting all one hundred music notes, you don't have to because the game automatically saves the amount you've collected.There aren't too many moves to learn in Banjo Kazooie, and it didn't take me long to master them. And there aren't many control problems, actually the controls are almost perfect. But I did get frustrated with a feature that was not added in the game, I wish Banjo could hang on to ledges, there was many times in Clanker's Cavern where I could almost reach a ledge,  but it was just barely out of reach because I couldn't hang on to the ledge. While yet this wasn't too big of a deal, I think that feature could of made the game a little less frustrating. I was also very pleased with camera control, there are three angles to choose from except in a few rare areas and I found it easy to maneuver.I told you this game was made in 1998, right? Well the graphics are terrific. The different atmospheres to this game make it twice more enjoyable. You can relax in broad daylight in Treasure Trove Cove, or wonder at dark in Mad Monster Mansion. And I thought the last world Click Clock Wood was absolutely brilliant, it's a forest and you collect jiggies in the four season's spring, summer, fall and winter. I especially loved Freezeezy Peak, and it was so much fun climbing the huge snowman.I also loved the music in this game, each beat is catchy and it never got repetitive for me, and the sound effects were great as well...well the only complaint I could have is that there is no dialogue in the game, but I actually found the weird sounds from the characters kind of funny and I loved the insults between Kazooie and Bottles and Gruntilda's rhymes cracked me up, that's another reason I love this game, it has such a charm to it, not like some newer games, to many games have steered away from being innocent and charming, and this game has this quality.What more can I say? This game is fun to play, it has great replay value, the music, sounds and the worlds all sound and look absolutely fantastic and the difficult final fight with Gruntilda at the end was indeed terrific as well. It took me thirty hours to complete (without a guide) and I had so much fun solving puzzles and this game can test your mind at certain times. I will admit I did need help online for a few jiggies, but the ending sequence makes the occasional frustrations all worthwhile, very satisfying if you ask me. I'm now very anxious to play Banjo Tooie, as it's been claimed to be even better than the original. Banjo Kazooie is highly recommended, this game is indeed a classic.
Great game!
If Mario 64 was good than Banjo was Mario perfected.Amazing game.Another gem from years ago that I played start to finish multiple times.Amazing levels.Perfect control.Great but hokey music.Some people were annoyed by the "voices".I thought they were hilarious.The camera does get a little crazy here and there but this was 3D platforming in it's beginning and really, the camera is about as perfect as a 3D platforming camera can be.To summarize...Great gameplay.Awesome graphics for the time.An ending riddle that had me looking for a way in for weeks on end.(A real bummer that the two games DIDN'T link after all).That's probably the biggest disappointment that all those mystery areas were never revealed by the N64.Otherwise....another great platformer from the golden age of platforming, collect a thons.Highly recommended.
This is one game that will test your skills, on how to figure things out, but if you want to take the easy way out you can always get bottles the neer sighted mole's help. One thing i like about this game is that when Bottle & Kazooie confront each other they always throw smack at each other which makes the storyline more funnier. This is a pretty cool game, it's worth buying. I had fun playing it, i will buy it.If you liked this game check out all of the other Banjo & Kazooie games.
One of the best games on the N64, it combines action, adventure, puzzle and other elements as you go through awsome based levels to beat it.
Goldeneye 007, Killer Instint, The Donkey Kong Country series, Conker, Diddy Kong Racing....those were the good ol' days when Rare was still relevant.  Before they sold their souls to Microsoft and lost all credibility.  And in my opinion, the peak of Rare was with the Banjo games (kazooie & tooie) on Nintendo 64.  Kazooie, to me, defines the N64 3-D platformer.  While many will say Mario 64, which is a near perfect game.  I think the Nostalgia sometimes forgets how much BETTER Banjo Kazooie was.  Back in '98 rare was on a roll.  This game was yet another grandslam.  A brand new franchise, cut from scratch.  And it's absolutely amazing.  I won't go into all the details and story as my fellow reviewers have already made clear.  All I can add is this game is easily one of the best games of the late 90's.  It was a game I picked up and loved immediately.  My only question is WHAT the **** happened to rare?!!  They were so amazing with Nintendo, then dropped bomb after bomb for the X-Box consoles.  I'm not a Nintendo fanboy, so don't even go there.  But Rare took a big dookie all over this series with the newer games on Microsoft consoles.  The 1998 game will always be the best.  And I hope someday the brothers who originally ran Rare will comeback to bring the infamous "Banjo Threeie" to life on any console!!
Positive:+ gameplay is very deep with new elements added all the time+ worlds are very diverse and have a lot of content+ music tracks are great and change in style when you're in different spots+ sharp controls that work well for the most partNegative:- you have to start your note count every time you re-enter a world- camera doesn't always give you the best view you needSuper Mario 64 revolutionized the 3-D platformer; and the amount of people who would deny that are probably fewer than the words in this sentence. But when a revolution comes, what's the point of it being so revolutionary unless something comes of it later on? In video games, a game is a revolution indeed when other games take the basic model and take it to a whole new level, and possibly delivering a game that's even better than the root. Whether it really is a beneficiary of the beloved Mario 64 or Rare is just really, really good at making games, that is where we find Banjo-Kazooie.Games of the platforming genre aren't exactly known for their amazing stories, and Banjo fares no different. Banjo's little sister Tooty is kidnapped by the stereotypical green witch Gruntilda. She has some sort of weird machine that will supposedly transfer Tooty's beauty to herself, and this will leave Banjo's poor sister ugly in the process! So Banjo and his grumpy bird friend Kazooie (who for some reason lives in Banjo's backpack) set out to Gruntilda's lair to save Tooty. The story doesn't take itself very seriously at all but there's a great, humorous tone to it that more than makes up for the lack of depth.The game doesn't move from place to place at all; the whole thing takes place in Gruntilda's huge lair, key word being 'huge.' This one location is just so big but perfectly balanced with the ease of traversing that it makes the perfect setting for a platforming game. There is a whole lot of variety within the mountain lair, with a sewer, swamp, graveyard, and many other spots. The areas of different theme will almost always take you to one of the game's nine worlds, which are all big, diverse, and have a lot of stuff to find. You'll find yourself at a mountain to begin the game, then moving on to a beach, and later a snow area and haunted mansion-like world, and so on. The game never really runs out of new material to throw at you, which is really nice, even if most of the themes are found in many other games of the genre, too.Another way Banjo always keeps itself fresh is with the moves you can learn. In most of the levels you can find a mole named Bottles who will teach you a new move if you can find him. These moves are sometimes confined to certain spots or items you can put on, and they all work together perfectly to make the game progress logically. You have to unlock some of these abilities, such as flight and invincibility, to get deeper into Gruntilda's lair, and also to accomplish more in the worlds. The game controls very well too, even with all the added moves, and it doesn't get too complicated. One issue though is with the camera, which you can control the angle of but you still sometimes can't get the viewpoint that's just right for a room or area.But the core of the game stays the same, no matter how many moves you learn or different worlds you visit. The main objects to collect are jiggies, which are basically pieces of jigsaw puzzles that, when put together, open the door to a new world. Ten of these can be found in each level along with 100 notes, which open up doors to new areas of the lair. Unfortunately the game's note total is merely a combined high score of how many notes you collect in each level; each time you re-enter a world the note count restarts. This is pretty annoying sometimes, and it would have been nice to just keep all the notes so you don't have to recollect all of them again to advance your total note count. Thankfully the jiggies are extremely well-balanced as far as how hard they are to get; in the first world most of them are sitting on the ground like Easter eggs, but as you progress through the game you have to work much harder to earn your way to more worlds.Graphically Banjo kept up to date well enough. The visuals are just a tad choppy, but they still look good enough, and that sort of thing happened all the time in the N64 era. Sometimes objects that are a little ways away won't appear on screen until you get closer, which thankfully doesn't prove to be too annoying but still would be good if fixed. Despite these few flaws, though, the graphics look great considering the times.One of Banjo's shining areas aside from gameplay is the sound. The characters speak in a gibberish sort of language (with text shown on the bottom of the screen) and this might annoy some but it's still good to add personality to each character. The sound effects are all good too, no complaints there. The really cool part of the sound, though, is the music. The tracks are cool enough as they are, but when you're standing on a different spot or in a different area, like if you're under water or at the entrance to a different world, the music style and sound totally changes while keeping the same song. Then as you exit the spot the music transitions back to the normal style, and this effect may sound small without actually hearing it but trust me when I say it's really, really cool.Mario 64 may have been the revolution, but some of the games that derived bits and pieces from it were possibly even better, in my opinion. Banjo-Kazooie is one such game, adding a lot of depth and value to an already proven formula. It may not be the game everyone looked to for inspiration in the game-making world, but Banjo-Kazooie is a real gem from Rare's glory days on the N64, and it makes me want to play the sequel even if it is ten years old.Gameplay: 9.5Graphics: 8.5Sound: 9.5Camera & Control: 8.5Value: 9.5FINAL SCORE: 9.2/10.
All in all, this is the best platform game that I have played in a long time. Of course, it follows the basic formula of a platformer - kidnapped female, evil castle, jump on enemies, etc. But the reason the formula still exists is due to the fact that, occasionally, it works really well. Banjo-Kazooie is a case where the cliche works to perfection. Although we question Nintendo's blatant violation of the genetic cloning ban put in place by the president, they did so for a good cause, and a damn good game.
Like Super Mario and Donkey Kong this game is a classic. The good gameplay and graphics pay off.  This is worth the money.
Banjo-Kazooie is one of my favorite games, and it works perfectly after all these years and being shipped around the country. perfect.
This game is fantastic. Personally, I love it. Have you ever played a game where an evil witch is ugly and wants to be evil so she steals a beautiful girl named Tooty to try and transfer the beauty to the ugly witch? Also, have you ever played a game where a bear and bird have to collect golden puzzle pieces, musical notes, dinosaurs mixed with teddy bears named Jinjos? Also, have you ever played a game where a shaman transforms the bear and bird into various forms? Well, if you haven't, this is where to start. This game is perfect for all ages. I would recommend this game to anyone who has a N64.
I've never really had enough of an attention span to play "collect the item" games, but this particular one is really great. It has enough action and puzzle involved to hold the attention of even a gamer like me (with, honestly and unfortunately, a terribly short attention span) for hours at a time, with enough elements of finding things you'll need later to keep you playing and replaying each level. A truly great game, and I wish more of the sort were made these days. I feel way too young to be saying this, but they just don't make them like this anymore!On a side note, the cartridge I received has some... Interesting connections. I'd guess the previous owner loved and played it as much as I do haha.
This is one of the best games out there, it's a classic. Banjo-Kazooie is one of the rarest and hard to find games ever, The story is really good. A witch kidnaps a beautiful girl and wants to be the prettiest of them all. Her brother and his pal Kazooie have to save her. While its a relatively easy it can still be hard in some places and there are cheat codes to help you along the way with things like Gold feathers, Red feathers and Eggs. However if you quit and save your game then the cheat has to be reentered. While the game does have it's flaws its still really fun to play. The game essentially is very easy next to its sequel game, Banjo Tooie. The levels all relatively easy, however it is very easy to die in this game, on top of that like other reviewers on Amazon have said about dying and losing notes and recollecting them is toldly true. Clarkers Cavern was the worst because you only have 6 things of air and have to get extra air, from a fish blowing bubbles. The level that is the most challenging of them all was Click Clock Wood. Because of going from the changing seasons and having to grab notes from all seasons that was tough for me. However the most challenging and difficult part of this game, is beating Grunty herself. That is the most challenging part of this game. because you have to hit her with eggs and unfortunately its a huge flaw on Rare's part for not putting a homing shooter like they do in the sequel game. Overall despite it's many flaws Nintendo and Rare have done an excellent job making a game that is graphically pleasing, and the gameplay is awesome. Buy it you won't regret it.
This is one of my all time favorite games. The characters are likeable, with hilarious dialogue and an intriguing story. Also the music is some of the best I've ever heard in a video game. Also, the graphics and sound are great for N64. The controls are CRAZY precise for N64, and MAN is this game challenging! There are lots of secrets to uncover and special power ups to unlock. If only Microsoft hadn't ruined Rare...
Now that Banjo & Kazooie is over five years old a sequel now exist and there is likely another game coming. HOPEFULLY! The game only for the N64 is one of the most amazing platformers ever. In fact it's one of the most amazing games in any genre period. It took a while to beat the game, but it was well worth it. If your not familiar with B & K, let me explain.. Banjo is a bear with a handy backpack. Kazooie is a bird who hangs out in Banjo's backpack. With the many special moves Kazooie pops out of the pack quite a bit. Together they work through many HUGE levels collecting items like puzzle pieces (100 hidden through out the entire game), musical notes (100 on each level), little Jinjo people (5 on each level), there are also Mumbo skulls to find, they allow you (once you have the required amount) to change form, you must visit the mumbo skull guy quite often. Changing form is mandatory, for instance B & K cannot fit into some smaller places. Turning into an ant allows you to go into a small hole where prizes are not reachable otherwise. Vast and adventurous, B & K is impossible to dislike even if your not a fan of platformers. Even if your just watching, it's entertaining. I'll give you an idea of how effective the story is. BANJO & KAZOOIE is THE WIZARD OF OZ of vidoe games.
I have never played anything like this since. Everything from Sly  Racoon, to Ratchet and Clank, owe it to this.Wicked witch Gruntilda takes Banjo's sister to hey layer, miles away in a realistic 3D cartoon world.Banjo is a bear with Kazooie a bird in his backpack that can help him jump and fly and basically you learn to do lots of things with it. You solve puzzles via action and collect tolkens across lovely maps. Mumbo Jumbo transforms Banjo into some other creatures along the way. You can fly. It was amazing. A full adventure all the way to end. We played it for months and I have NEVER played anything like it again. The makers of Donkey Kong released it at the best time. It is now up to the future generations to make adventure concepts better than this one. This is one of the best N64 games ever.
There is not much I can say except this is THE BEST GAME FOR N64. Not too easy, not too hard, tons of levels and objectives and the cutest cast of characters (Jinjos rock) If you like adventure games, Banjo-Kazooie is for you!
Banjo-Kazooie is an action adventure game in the style of Super Mario 64. However, it is similar, yet also quite different. Rather than having most of the skills you need at the beginning of the game, you learn a few in the very beginning, and then learn the remaining skills throughout the first six worlds (there are nine, but they are much larger than the fifteen in Mario 64). Notes are like coins, and jiggies are like stars. However, rather than six stars in each world, there are 10 jiggies to find in each world, and 10 in the witch's castle (much like the castle secret stars). Also, you can transform in five of the nine massive levels with the help of the crazy witch doctor Mumbo-Jumbo. Generally, it will help you get at least 1 Jiggy in the world, and they can do things that Banjo and Kazooie can't on their own. Throughout the game, you get to transform into a termite (level 1), an alligator (level 4), a walrus (level 5), a pumpkin (level 7), and a bee (level 9).The nine massive worlds are each very different from eachother. But how fun are they? Well, they're all very fun to play in, mainly because the tunes in each world really match the mood, from eerie funeral dirges to peppy shipyard music, this game has that and then some. Overall, I highly recommend it. If you read my previous review of the game Banjo-Tooie, you'd see why I enjoyed the sound effects so much. Once more, I highly recommend this game.
This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my daughter but since she was home for the holiday week-end I had her check it out.  Everything works great.
After Rareware turned GoldenEye into a system-seller for the Nintendo 64, it broke out again with the action-platformer Banjo-Kazooie. An ugly old witch named Gruntilda has taken Banjo's sister Tootie and plans to suck the beauty out of her. Banjo and Kazooie (the bird that lives in his backpack) must brave Gruntilda's fortress to get Tootie back.The plot is a little sugary and kiddie, but it's really just an excuse to send gamers on a Mario 64-style adventure, where completing tasks and puzzles in worlds will open up new worlds to explore. Yes it's pretty much a clone of Mario, but at the same time it refines and enhances the Mario formula. Players have more unique special moves at their disposal, and these are much more essential to navigating the environment and solving puzzles. Worlds are beautiful, creative, and expansive, tossing you into a room with a giant shark, a huge snowman, or a forest where you can actively move between the seasons. It's all topped by memorable music that changes to fit the environment, fades, or grows louder depending on where you are in the stage.This is a game that has aged gracefully. Yes it's on an old system, but the art design and music still hold up well like the classic Mario titles, and gameplay is solid. A masterful experience thats supplemented quite well by its sequel, Banjo Tooie.
OMGosh !! . .  My son .. grandson .. and great-grandson . . all three are totally enjoying this game soooooo much.  I'm not any kind of a game player but it makes me feel so good just watching their enjoyment.  Thank you for a product that is not full of all that blood and gore that so many of the games have now days.
Banjo-Kazooie is a game that didn't really appeal to me at first.  It looked to childish, to easy, and just basically stupid.  Comming from the  epic company Rareware, I was a bit more interested in what this game was  about.  Seeing so many good reviews and so many possitive aspects, I  realized I must give this game a try.  Well, was I ever lucky to do so.  Keeping with the Mario 64 type control style and the amazing graphics, I  couldn't put the game down.  Even though the game was kiddie looking and  very childish too, it was really placed for us people who love adventure  games.  The little things, such as the mini games, make this game even  better than it already was.  Imagine running around in the snow in a race  against a sleding polar bear or playing follow the leader with a giant  ghost hand.  These are only a few of the things you can do in the game.  The game flows a little different than Mario fans might be used to; you  have many things to collect.  For starters, your main objective is to find  all the Jiggys on a level so you can gain access to all other levels.  Also, music notes are needed to break the witches spell on doors throughout  her lair.  And even little guys called Jinjo's are here for you to collect,  so they can help you on your journey, through a forest, islands, deserts,  and many other worlds.  If you have seen a Rare game, you know that they  have good graphics, so no exception here, very well done.  The music is  also a plus feature on this game.  With so many great reviews by people of  all ages and sexes, you would be doing yourself a great disjustice by not  buying this game.
Rareware - words fail me. Again they have made a quality title beyond imagination. Creative beyond a shadow of a doubt. 95 % of people agree, that Banjo-Kazooie is a landmark title with everything the N64 has to offer, and that it is worthy of 5 out of 5 stars . While developed early in N64's lifespan, the graphics stand out beyond many titles recently released. The sound is equally as impressive (for N64), and the game has been cleverly melded with it to make you feel as the atmosphere of the game has changed, depending on your situation.I am proud to say many people love this game. Many of my friends still play it occasionally, however few have beaten it all the way. This game is solid for 50+ hours of gaming, but only when you are willing to get every last puzzle piece and musical note, and every other item. Some people dislike it, and do not be fooled; a 27 year male old who listens to ultra-hard rock and loves games with extreme violence and/or nudity will NOT like this game. It is by no means for everybody. Many gamers, from preschool to high school will like it, but not everybody.The controls are easy enough to master, and any avid or casual gamer will easily master them with a little practice. The sound is superb. The graphics are good, for an N64 title. There is not a dull moment in this game, and the attention to detail is amazing. The puzzles, the meat of the game, are easy enough for older kids to have a challenge and not to hard for younger kids. The puzzle peices, your reward for completeing a puzzle, are well hidden. The musical notes, the only way to advance to the next portion of the overworld, are challenging to find. The most fun part of the game, visiting Mumbo, is quite enjoyable. He transforms you into various forms. A fat walrus, a termite, and even a bumble bee. There isn't really an advancing story, but that's okay. You get an occasional cinematic, but it's pretty basic.The story goes...The evil witch, Gruntilda, is happily hanging out atop her mountain WHEN... The "cute" Tootie, sister of Banjo the bear, strolls by. Overcome with jealousy, she sees Tootie is quite a bit "cuter" than her. So she kidnapps Banjo's sister and creates a machine to suck Tootie's "cuteness" out and put it into her. Banjo and his sidekick breegull, Kazooie set off to find Tootie. A mole named Bottles helps them learn some new moves to defeat various obsticles in the game.Well, I hope you enjoy this game. Thanks for reading this review, and until next time...CRIMSON|RED.
this is the best n64 game ever made next to the wonderful ocarina of time.i beat everything in it when i was 9-i collected all the jinjos,got all the puzzle pieces,etc.i bought it when i was 8.it's an amazing,fun game.i just feel tormented that i had to use the players guide to beat the 2nd,banjo-tooie.i try not to think about it.but this game is extremly hard and grueling-but in a good way.the levels are extremly detailed and fun.my favorite is the graveyard/haunted house level.(i forgot it's name.)buy it.i command you.
I'm so glad I was able to buy this game at a great price. I really enjoyed reliving my childhood.
First off I've only owned two Crash Games. The first Crash Bandicoot and Wrath of Cortex for the PS1. I played a demo for Warped on my Spyro the dragon game and wanted it ever since. I bought it on Amazon and its safe for me to say that...THIS IS THE CRASH I KNOW AND LOVE!^_^For those who don't know Crash Bandicoot first came out in the 90's as a standard, straight-forward platformer. You're a mutated Bandicoot named Crash who escapes from the evil mad scientist Dr.Neo Cortex and must go back to save your girlfriend. In Warped Dr. Cortex now works for Uka Uka (The brother of Aku Aku) an evil mask that wants to destroy crash and take over the world. He instructs Cortex to go through time and collect Crystals and Gems that hold extreme power. Crash has to literally race through time and jump, spin, and dance his way through time to retrieve them before Cortex gets ahold of them.This game is just as fun as the first one. It brought me back to a time where video games concentrated more on gameplay and content rather than graphics which games today seem to concentrate almost too much on. The controls are spot on. You can build momentum for jumps, move in any direction, and really I never had problems with the controls even in the first Crash. One thing I REALLY love about this one is that I don't feel bad when I die! This game has some really interesting death scenes rather you're forcibly kissed by a frog that changes into a prince, eaten by lions, thrown into the screen by a two-headed fat person, or so on. When I finish the game I plan on seeing how many ways I can die:) Some worlds replicate each other but are harder and take more and more skill to get through. The boss battles are really diverse and take strategy, timing, and skill to get rid of. I must confess I found the first boss and 2 worlds extremely easy. Its not until the 3 that the game just goes "F*** this! I'm gonna make your time a living hell"! Its still way easy so far compared to the first game though which really did what I said above. I also noticed something that first caught my attention in Wrath of Cortex. The game seems extremely open when it comes to lives. Seriously I'm not even half way through the game and all ready up to 50 almost. I guess I'm that good at playing. Im definately buying the second one.I admit I'm disappointed at the way the turn the series have made. I wish they kept it as a patformer and just added maybe some adventure elelments to it like they did Twinsanity (even though its glitchy as hell). Naughty Dog where did you go? Crash Bandicoot Warped is just what I expected it to be. Its funny, addicting, challenging and overall just shows graphics don't make the game, but its content and gameplay.
This is one of my favorite games of all time.  In this game, there are 30 different levels that are mostly composed of the same 3D Crash levels that we're used to. Some levels, however, you get to use a biplane, motorcycle, or Jet Ski. Like the previous versions of Crash, you have to collect crystals and gems.  Now, you can also collect a relic for having the best time.  The music is fun, the controls are easy and it's just an overall great game for any age.
CRASH is my favorite videogame character.. i remember playing it when it first came out with my sister on the PS1 waaaaay back.... This is SO fun. I love this game!!!!!! JUST BUY ITTTT.
I can't even begin to explain how much I love this game as well as the second Crash Bandicoot game(I haven't played the first game yet) because they are so much fun with lots and lots of humorous levels and disasters.Bandicoot is a marsupial on a muey dangerouso quest to collect 25 crystals and 25 relics in a quest to stop Dr. Neo Cortex and Aku Akus evil twin Uka Uka's quest to take over the world.There are so many things that make this game so addictive,.1. The music. It's so hilarious2. The complex levels3. The graphics are so awesome4. The way Crash dies (I.E. falling off screen and his shoes fly up and fall back down, being sucked into a giant spinning vase and the lid closes on top of it)By God to really even explain how great this game really is is difficult for me.Like Sonic the Hedgehog was for Sega, and Mario was for Nintendo, Crash is for the Playstation.In this day and age of excessively bloody and violent video games the Crash Bandicoot series is a great sigh of relief. I tend to enjoy sillier cartoonish games like this. I will never tire of this game.
Can't review this title now cuz I still haven't officially finished CRASH's 1&2, I bought it TO HAVE!! I'm a classic game collector at heart, don't know when I'll start playing but i will eventually. Now that it's in my library.
Graphics: 10/10 - The best visuals of the series! The colours shine fantastically and it all looks stunningly beautiful. The characters are clear and the game has backgrounds I could feast on.Sound: 9/10 - Great uses of evil voicing and fantastic sound editing detail makes Crash 3's sound get a notch up.Value: 10/10 - You'll be begging for more!Overall: 10/10 - Fantastically detailed game that mixes genres and characters into a big story that erupts with fabulous enjoyment. In short: buy it.
All right for the guys that hate to read a lot about, real quick if you like 3d platform action adventure titles and maybe you like CB just one thing, GET IT!!!!!!!!!.OK now to business, I have been in the world of video games since Atari 2600 and colecovision, so after more than 20 years of gaming I KNOW of what I am talking about, if I say its worth is worth it!! but the final word is always yours.Game-play:+++++This game has everything you need for hours of high quality of gaming experience, the art concept of the game goes over expectations of the hardware limitation of the PSO, The design of every single element in the game is very creative and unique, the developers invested time on the comedy of the game, which is a tradition on the original trilogy, as usual the controller its a wonder no need to struggle controlling the character and it vibrates as well, the powers, the moves and the style of the main character (CB), its superb, every part of the game becomes fun, not repeatable pattern of enemies or levels, the game itself has a lot of extras for a replay, definitely an outstanding game!!!!!.Difficulty:!@#$% (Platinum RELICS)Curse, frustration, but with practice you might become a CB3W masterPlot:+++Well do not expect a twisted chrono trigger plot!!! as always in crash games the lack of plot its compensated with a beautiful work in the software itself, basically crash goes trough a set of portals using N Cortex (once again his back with an ally) Own technology through time and space, the main thing is of course stop them!!.Graphics:*****This is the strongest part of the game no doubt, the game is programmed to utilize MOST of the potential of the PSO GPU, they managed to create excellent crystal effects!!!, water!!!, light sources and shiny surfaces like chrome and ice!!!. one of the few games that deserve to be owned forever unopened!!, one the few great looking games for PSO.Overall:*****Perfect over all score!!. once again if you thing you can beat the game with one hand attached at your back and with folded eyes, try getting beyond 100% and all the platinum relics, the real gamer and fans of the series did it!! look for it on you tube, so the difficulty is very acceptable!!. this is by far the best Crash Bandicoot game by far, since I personally thing that going trough naughty dog to travelers tales lost a bit of formula of this great franchise, but oh well see yas.
Well let&#8217;s end the Crash Bandicoot trilogy on PlayStation with Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped. This game was released in 1998 and was once again, developed by Naughty Dog, published by Sony Computer Entertainment and distributed by Universal Interactive Studios. It was originally a PlayStation exclusive but was later re-released as a PS One Classic on the PlayStation Store.The game&#8217;s story takes place immediately after the events of the second game in which the ruins of the Cortex Vortex come crashing down to Earth and lands on a temple unleashing an evil entity known as Uka Uka who is Aku Aku&#8217;s evil twin brother; Aku Aku is the mask that helped Crash out in the first two games. Uka Uka joins with Doctor Neo Cortex and Doctor Nefarious Tropy as they plan to gather Crystals in their original places in time and use their energy to enslave the Earth.The game is once again a platformer with pretty much the same kind of controls as the second game. You can not only play as Crash but also as his sister Coco who was a supporting character in the second game. You travel back and forward in time to gather the 25 Crystals from the previous game in their original places in time before the enemy does; but don&#8217;t worry, the levels are completely different from each the second game. The game takes place in the Time-Twisting Machine which acts as the hub area of the game. The machine is split into five chambers with only the first chamber being available at the start. Each chamber has five buttons that open portals to different levels. The goal is the same as the second game; obtain the crystal hidden in the area. Some crystals can be obtained in the middle of the level or by completing a certain task such as winning a race. The gems are also back and can only be obtained by destroying all the boxes, or completing a hidden level or task. Once you obtain the five crystals in a chamber, a sixth button will appear that warps you to a boss who will fight you in order to get the crystals back. By defeating the boss, the next chamber will become available to play. By defeating a boss you unlock a new power, there&#8217;s the Super Slam which makes your body slam more powerful, the double jump, a tornado twister which lets you glide for a short period, a bazooka launcher which can be used to destroy crates or enemies or collect fruit and one ups and the running shoes which allow you to sprint.The newest main feature in the game is the &#8220;Relics&#8221; which can only be retrieved in a time trail mode for every level in the game. After you obtain a level&#8217;s crystal, you can go back to the level and collect the yellow clock at the beginning to start a time trail. The goal is to reach the end as fast as you can, but there are some differences: There are yellow time boxes that when destroyed will stop the clock for a short period of time, there are no checkpoint boxes so if you die, you have to start the level from the beginning; but there are plenty of Aku Aku masks to help you and that&#8217;s pretty much it. It proves to be very challenging and getting the Platinum relics is insanely difficult and even I never managed to get all of them.This game proves to be the best one in the entire series and one of my favorite games overall, period. I would highly recommend getting this game off the PlayStation Store for $6, this is a MUST PLAY. It really is one of the best.FINAL RATING:  10 out of 10.
I'm a big Crash fan and got this game the Christmas it came out. This game is incredible. Its easy enough for young kids (about 6 or 7) or even really experienced gamers (age depending.) It has very good graphics for a PS1 game, and you can use the dual shock or regular controls in this. Unlike former Crash games, you use more devices than before, and in some levels are actually Coco (Crash's intelligent little sister.) For example:Baby Tiger: Ridden by CocoBaby T-Rex: Ridden by CrashJet Ski Mobile: Ridden by CocoMotorcycle: Ridden by CrashFast-moving spaceship: Ridden by CocoBi-Plane (with guns): Ridden by Crash and Coco (level depending)Underwater Jet Ski Mobile: Ridden by CrashAdditionaly, you get to fight other bosses, and defeating each boss earns you a special item. There are 5 in all.#1: Super Body Slam (lets you break through protected crates)#2: Double Jump (allows you to jump over higher obstacles)#3: Tornado Spin (spins around wildly, helps you glide over bigpits)#4: Fruit Bazooka (a giant gun that can blast away your enemies!)#5: Speed Shoes (gives you power to run, used to get certain relics)The final thing: Crystals, Gems, Colored Gems, and RelicsCrystals: Right on the path for normal levels. They're thin and pink. Touch them and you've obtained them. Just beat the level to earn one after you pick them up. One per normal level.Gems: To get these, break all the boxes in the level. Sometimes you'll have to have earned a color gem to get a gem. 1 to 2 per normal level.Colored Gems: 5 in all, one every 5 levels (25 normal levels, 5 secret levels.) They serve as platforms to new areas in some levels. To get them, ride on a platform in some levels (for the platform to appear, you have to not have died up to that platform.) One in a level every 5 levels.Relics: A new addition. After you get the relic in the level, go back and get the relic by going as fast as you can through the level and getting a certain time. There are three types:Sapphire--The basic. You can get this with no speed shoes.Gold------More advanced. Most level you need speed shoes.Platinum--Expert level! EXTREMELY hard to aquire. Lots of practice needed!That's pretty much all that you need to know. All I can say is besides the tips, have fun!
I would say this is one of the the best ps1 games ever. I play it on my ps3.It is fun from riding a tiger to running around spinning bad guys. This is child friendly but also adults love it.It has good graphics, good gameplay, good ideas and lots of levels and replay value. Get this you won't miss out.
what is it a such a funny game than sonic you konw that fighting with cortex is bad idea because his boss have came uka uka the evil twin brother of aku aku. aku aku is good hearted mask man who can help crash for his mission. now you can counter boss in each level such in castle area you will encounter tiny tiger can i tell you how to reach boss finsh all levels bring pink cristals to get rid of aLL stages . but each places contains these things. and when you collect in each five warps cotians boss when you collect all of then than see six stage will apper kill each boss to unlock anthother warp room near your fisrt warp room. now can i tell you about boss in frist warp room cotians tiny tiger. then in second warp room cotains dinogldile boss. then in thrid warp room cotains dr.n.trophy. then in fourth warp contains n.gin. then in fiveth warp room contains dr.cortex and uka uka. this warp rooms where made by dr n.trophy master of times and it is not gene.
This game takes months to get 100% completion. The new feature in this is getting time rellicks(by doing level fast)and swimming. In Crash 1 you get Balders after you sometimes, in Crash 3 you get a dinosaur, I prefered being chased by a balder and when it squashed Crash it went into the screen but you don't get it in this.BUY this if you want a platformer(after Crash 1 and 2).
The Crash games for playstion are very fun games,even better than the mario games. Out of the Crash seires I think this one is the best. There are alot of thing you can do and the bosses rock. The story line is the best in this game. It takes plase after Crash2 were Dr.Cortex ship falles down on a temple, wich releses a demon mask. The mask that pertected crash in the first two games stats talking and tells crash that the evil mask is his Brother and his plan to build a time machine to get crystles todestroy earth. The replay vaule is high and the gamplay is fun, you won't be able to put this game down for awile.
The original Crash game was very hard to beat.  It was still classic.  Then Crash 2 came out, with several hard levels and tough bosses.  Then out came this one, Crash Warped.  This is the cult classic of the series.  I have beaten the entire game, and never once been disappointed because of too much or too little challenge. I even managed to get a 104% file with the help of my brother and a twerp i know.  There are two secret levels.  They are Eggipus Rex and Hot Coco.  To get to Eggipus Rex,  you go into time trails in the Dino Might! level.  Then, board the yellow gem platform.  Keep running until you find the second pterydactyl (the triceratops will be already chasing you) and let it take you away.  To get into the Hot Coco level, simply crash into the road sign with an alien on it in the Road Crash level.  This game is a classic and every PS One or PS2 owner needs to have it.  Was this review helpful? OF COURSE IT WAS!
Even though this game is so good,I think you should get Spyro 1 first.Spyro the Dragon gets you to a demo that leads to this.I know you'll like it.If you have Spyro 1 then try the demo!That is what I did.
Let me tell you all about this great game. I wouldn't want to give the story away, but let me tell you: The original two are no match for this great game! This game has 30 new colorful and nice levels, and 2 hidden ones. Almost all of them have nice and pretty graphics. There are more features too. For one thing, there is the Time Trial mode, in which you go through the levels in a certain amount of time, and you will get relics. You can play as Coco, riding her adorable tiger Pura, a jetski, a blimp, and a couple more. Crash himself can do some more things, like a Super Belly Flop, a Double Jump, a Triple Spin, use Speed Shoes and use a Fruit Bazooka for long range attacks. Also, he can ride an airplane, a motorcycle, a baby T-Rex and more. Also, even dying is humorous. Now for the game's one flaw: It is hard to be challenged. However, there are 3 types of relics. If you get all of the Sapphire Relics, you can get a really good ending. If you get all the Gold Relics, you get 105%. But the Platinum Relics require a master to collect. So, if you like all that's said, and even if you didn't, you will definitely love it.
this is a very good game,it is very challenging it has lots of levels and i managed to get 104% but the ps2 crash is more challenging but the bad thing of the ps2 crash is that the loading takes more than 3 minutes.
I got this game when I was like..6 years old, and I still play it(I'm 14 now.)I think all the Crash Bandicoots were a new cahnge for psx, and I hope that they continue to stick with psx.
This is a great game! I played this all the time when I was younger and had to have it now as an adult! Play it all the time!
This is the best platform game I've played, and eliminates all down sides of its two prequels.  You're a bandicoot and jump on / spin baddies you encounter.  This game is kind of like old Mario games, but has awesome graphics.  They've added a type of box to the prequel and give one move, such as bazooka or tornado death spin, for each boss.  The game is easy to beat, but offers extras for breaking all the boxes or beating a level quickly.  It's extremely difficult to collect all of them.  I recommend this game for everyone, especially people with a lot of free time on their hands.
This game is just as much fun as the first one, with whole new levels based on the now classic Crash Bandicoot gameplay, I would recommend this to anyone, Crash fan or not.
Golden Eye 007 is still one of the best action titles ever created, along with the best licensed product ever released. The action is still superb and well-polished even since its release 10 years ago. The enemies are still smart, even with competitors like F.E.A.R. which have incredibly intelligent artificial intellignce. There are a couple of issues unfortunately; some targeting problems and odd save layouts. Other than those, this game is still one of the best shooters ever made. The missions are excellent, the enemies are cool, the weapons are cool, and virtually everything else about this game is superb and well-executed. Too bad Nintendo handed the rights of James Bond to EA.
First, the single player is awesome. Then the multiplayer battle gets even better. But then when you add Game Shark it becomes the best game ever. One problem is that it is a bit unrealistic because there are up to 400 shots in a clip/magazine. Otherwise the game is good. Also if you like this game you will want Perfect Dark. If you like this game but wish it was more realistic get Rainbow Six.
with this game you play through each level in the movie.  this is when James Bond was James Bond.  you can choose from a whole list of players to choose from to play as.  you can get any kind of weapon just about through the whole game.  and you can even play with some friends on missions.  if you have never played a n64 what are you waiting for.  5 out of 5.  super fun.
This is game was based on the movie and they hit it spot on! Playing the levels are fun, but this is the perfect game to play if you are just sitting around with a few friends talkin about the old times.
With the Nintendo 64 beginning to slowly...okay, quickly drop off the gaming radar, it's time for gamers who bought the last of the Big N's cartridge systems to see if their investment was a good one. Is there even a reason to keep this system around anymore? Is there one game to give you an excuse to say to Playstation2 and X-Box and Gamecube owners, "I know it's an old system, but this game is the reason I still own it"? Yes, and that game is called "Golden Eye 007".It's hard to believe that a game based off the best of the Pierce Brosnan "Bond" movies would become an undeniable classic. But that's exactly what "Golden Eye" is. Many first-person shooters try to overwhelm gamers with unbelievable graphics while offering no depth in gameplay, while others try to create complex game engines with passable graphics and end up only frustrating players. Thankfully, "Golden Eye" is the diamond in the rough. It takes a remarkably simple control scheme and graphics that were good for its time and combines them in an unbeatable combination. Moving Bond, James Bond is as easy as breathing, and the shooting system is just as simple. Even with the horrible N64 controller, a player can learn how to play "Golden Eye" on the first or second try. And its gameplay is so addictive because of the stunning level designs and adequate AI. Of course, because of the N64's difficult-to-program cartridge format, some things had to be sacrificed, like detailed textures and realistic AI responses to being shot. But the overall experience is enough to overlook such trivial matters.Graphically, "Golden Eye 007" was a marvel to look at...when it was first released. Nowadays, when compared to games like "Metal Gear Solid 2" for the PS2 and "Dead or Alive 3" for the X-Box, "Golden Eye" looks like a SNES game. Because cartridges are limited in space, textures can be bland, character models look blocky, and detail is kept to a passable minimum. But anyone who doesn't care about graphics, as long as they are good enough and the gameplay is excellent, shouldn't have any trouble with "Golden Eye".Soundwise, it's not the biggest strength of the game, but it's still good. Sounds like gunshots are remarkably well done - a player can tell what kind of gun he or an enemy is firing just by listening to it, at least to a certain extent. And voices, while limited to overdone grunts and questionable laughs, suit the game well. It would've been nice to hear full voiceovers for important characters, but the limitations of the cartridge format doesn't help this area much.All in all, "Golden Eye" is undoubtedly a classic of modern gaming. While the N64 is arguably one of the worst Nintendo consoles to be released (alongside the horrendous Virtua Boy), it still had some incredible games that managed to sustain it until the Gamecube was announced. "Golden Eye" is not only the game that many FPS fans point to as their favorite game, but many non-FPS gamers also found it very enjoyable. While later great first-person shooters like the N64's "Perfect Dark" and the recent X-Box million-seller "Halo" presented excellet FPS action with updated graphics to boot, "Golden Eye" will forever be remembered as the first-person shoot for the masses.If you need a reason to keep your N64, this is it!
Goldeneye 007 is the best game for the Nintendo 64. Its an amazing game, and its still fun to play today. There was a game called Perfect Dark that was similar to this and came out later, but this is the far better game. Tons of great guns and gadgets are here, and the gameplay is awesome. Its not the best first person shooter ever(Halo for Xbox is), but its still one of the best. The graphics arent the best ever right now, but at the time, in 1997 or so, they were real great. The music is good. It has a mysterious sound to it for some reason. This game has some of the best levels in any game, and it controls great. Multiplayer in this game is some of the most addictive ever. At the time it had the best multiplayer around. It might not now, since there are games like Halo and Diablo II, but like I said, it was the best at the time. There arent really any negatives. All hail to the best game on N64, and one of the best games ever.
"Goldeneye 007", at first glance, looks like yet another installment into the tired and outdated "First-Person" shooter game genre. The big suprise is that it is so much more than a standard shooter or a bog standard movie translation.In a word, "Goldeneye" is amazing. It takes full advantage of the 64 bit technology and delivers a smooth, fun, and challenging adventure. You assume the role of James Bond, the secret agent who needs no introduction. You run through various missions, which tie into the movie, and solve various problems and perform various tasks. What complicates things is the number of guards who are ready to kill you on sight. As expected, you have a number of weapons at your disposal, from the silenced pistol and machine gun, to the grenade launchers and high-powered explosives. The first-person perspective adds amazing realism to this game, with action and controls that are as smooth as James Bond's charm.The graphics are phenominal, with smooth movements and amazing scenery. This game really makes you feel like you are living the adventures. The music is right out of a Bond movie, and adds a nice edge to the action. The controls, usually quite clunky on that horrible N64 controller, are easy to manage here. After a while it becomes like second nature.For parents considering this game for their children, they should be aware of the violence. Much of the game is spent killing people, and the realism is striking. It is up to you, but this is an excellent game that can be quite addictive.
This game has plenty of levels weapons and it has challenging gameplay with a pretty good multi-player (but i wish u could face computers in the multi-player) good graphics great play control and sound get this game if u don't already have Perfect Dark.
In the year 1997, Goldeneye was released for the Nintendo 64 by Rare, an unknown company and new 2nd party developer. Rare had already made several games for the NES and enters the Nintendo 64 market with this release based on the classic James Bond movie of the same title. You can ask anyone who had a Nintendo 64 if they ever played this game and why it was so popular. You're guaranteed to hear 2 reasons in particular why this game is so revered.REASON #1: This game is a prime example of how a developer took its time to make this game. It was more than 2 years since the movie it was based on came out and Rare had access to everything concerning the movie from the original orchestral music, likeness of the main characters and locations to the bonus villains of other James Bond movies such as Oddjob and Mayday. They didn't rush this out the door like some developers do when they wanted their games released alongside the films it was based on and it always guaranteed to be a huge mistake. This game was a huge success and is still played by many video gamers.REASON #2: Nintendo had no idea that the multi-player section of this game would be just as popular to play in or more popular than the single player mode. Rare admitted in an interview after the game was released that they had no intentions of putting together a multi-player mode until later in its development stages. Though it may be limited by today's standards, you had the basics: several stages based on the single player mode, all of the weapons were available, all of the main characters plus the enemy soldiers and classic Bond villains and several game modes such as free for all death match, team death match, you only live twice (2 lives) etc. and you can select the weapons in group categories along with time limits per match. This added a lot of re-playability after you finished the single player mode.If you don't have a Nintendo 64, this game is reason enough to get it. This game helped Nintendo sell so many systems and it is a title I highly recommend getting if you can find it. It's a great game to play by yourself and an absolute blast to play with 3 of your friends. Peace. :).
This game offers it all.  Shooting action, adrenaline pumping duck and dodge fire fights, rescue missions, covert action, gadgets, evil villains, story and plot, and a lot of weapons.  I reccomend this to any gaming fan.  Buy this game right now!  You don't know what you're missing if you don't.  The game also offers an incredible ammount of replay value with dozens of cheats that can be activated by getting record times in levels and also two levels that can be activated by beatin gthe game on different levels of difficulty.  All in all, a completely amazing game.  Buy it.  Don't hesitate.
Even for a Gamecube and PS2 owner, for me this is the game that started it all. And while old, Goldeneye is still exhilerating. I was stupid enough to trade in my Goldeneye copy for a nwer but NOT better game. Don't make the same mistake that I did, please! It is hard to get your hands on a good copy of Goldeneye these days. Protect your Goldeneye games! This game lives up perfectly to the movie, and for a 1997 game, the graphics and sound are excellent! Sure, Nightfire's fun, but it never revolutionized the gaming world like Goldeneye did. Goldeneye shoots TWINE and Agent Under Fire out of the sky. Nightfire can't even hold its ground against this solid and superb N64 title. In Goldeneye, you will encounter all of the characters and locations from the Goldeneye film, and the single player campaign holds its ground. But multiplayer is where the game really shines, and it is so much better than Timesplitters or Timesplitters 2 even. I have not played Goldeneye for over a year, but the music rings in my head and I have the levels memorized perfectly. Even if you worship your Perfect Dark copy, I believe that Goldeneye is better, and I have a strong debate on that. The bottom line is that Goldeneye is the BEST FPS EVER CREATED!! It boils down to this:if you own an N64, please play your Goldeneye copy or if you don't even know what this wonderful game is about, buy it now! Hey, all X-Box owners, Goldeneye is even better than Halo! There's no debate on that. Buy the game that started it all!My Rating:9.9!!
yes this game has VERY good game play it has 18 levels to unlock and 2 secret levels and very good you will wanna play this game over and over be cuz of all the secrets u can find if use a game shark u can get all of the old beta stuff and this game is a MUST HAVE the world is not enough 64 was good but its game play died it only has 14 levels and twine was not very good maybe voice was in it but IT IS NOT BETTER THEN GOLDENEYE 007 U MUST BUY THIS GAME ITS A JAMES BOND CLASSIC THIS GAME IS ALWAYS TO GET IT AND PUT IT IN YOUR 64 AND TURN UP THE HEAT but twines mutl player make u get sick of the game goldeneye may have bad mutl player but its better twine has arond 123 guys to pick from for mutl.
I have fond memories of this game, and still get together to play it with friends.Before GoldenEye, first person shooters were primarily PC affairs, played with a keyboard and mouse, and multiplayer required either internet or network capabilities, which, at the time, I didn't have. GoldenEye changed this. Just like Mario Kart, you could get four players hooked in. Except instead of bumping Bowser off a race track, you were running around and laying down the heat as Bond, or one of his allies/antagonists. There are plenty of modes, arenas, and weapons to choose from, ranging from deathmatch to 'flag tag'. And once in a while you have to play with "slappers only."In addition to the Multiplayer aspects, it has an excellent Single-Player mode. It's mission objective based (meaning that failure is entirely possible), and as difficulty increases, so do the number of objectives and conditions you have to fulfill.The music is also notable. Sure it's entirely synhtesized/MIDI, but in those days, that was the state of the art. The music fits the scenes pretty well, mostly being varied riffs on the classic John Barry Bond theme, some being a little different.The game contains a nice variety of weapons and plenty of secrets to unlock ( by speedrunning levels while fulfilling all objectives).Whether you've never played this classic or you're looking back on the 'good old days', you should play it. Thisis Rare's N64 Masterwork ( Perfect Dark is pretty sweet, too).
Alright this will most likely be the only time i will ever give a N64 game 5 stars, but for Goldeneye i eill make an exception. Ok Goldeneye was 64's jump into the world of high tech video game systems, but unfortunately they couldn't keep it up. This was a very solid 1st person shooter, excellent graphics , and not even repetitive secenary, what more could you ask for in a game? The weapons were great, maybe a little exaggerated at times, but over all good. Long levels and lots of them made this game excel in the lasting appeal category. Sound was good, but not having the cd quality sound os a PS or a DC hirt it a little. Unfortunately Goldeneye got a little smack in the face when everybody started comparing it to the flopped Perfect Dark game. But overall a great game and even though i am a die hard Playstation fan i still have a place in my heart for Goldeneye.
When I purchased this game the graphics were obviously amazing with the new nintendo 64. I used to play this hours on end, doing the single player missions over and over and also having some friends over to play multiplayer. After the playstation 2 came out I pushed the nintendo 64 over for a few weeks but I found my self slowly returning to some goldeneye along with a few other great nintendo 64 games.Now that I have a 360 I rarely play goldeneye anymore. But with the recent purchase of a n64, i have again, found myself playing goldeneye with all the wonderful, fun cheats that it offers. This game changed the way we play games, totally. It is still one of the best games I own, right next to the newest xbox 360 games.
This is a cool game.  You complete every mission on 00 agent and you unlock the 007 difficulty level.  You don't need a memory pak or card to play this game.
i played this game when i was about 15, and i'm now 24 and still love it to the death (literally). I have a blast shooting other things other than just people and watching bullet holes go into the items and how it looks so freaking real. I also have always loved how you can choose many different people in 2 player mode, such as 007 to scientist. The golden gun is the coolest because it only takes on shot to kill, but if you like a really smashing good time, you can always punch or cut your way out. A must have game for the 64 :-).
I LOVE THIS GAME. It is so funny and a bit hard to beat. The hardest level is in the temple where a shuttle is launching and you have to collect data, kill Jaws, get launch tape and launch the shuttle. My favorite level is the Facility Level. That level is so funny and you can shoot the scientists, but it will fail the mission if they were killed. My cousin and I love to blow up the enemies and scientists. My favorite is shooting the scientists and enemies in their butts and they would jump up and down rubbing their butts and then they will fight back and the scientists will threw grenades at you. The controls are easy and this game is better and funnier than the movie. BUY THIS GAME.
Awesome controls, greta levels, killer music, loads of cool guns and awesome James Bond.  The perfect shooter!  Played this one a lot.
I still get this game out. Everything is ideal, if they can't recreate this it will be a shame. N64 ruled in the old days, this and Mario were so amazingly fun, it was constant, you could play for months on end and still love it to death while finding something entirely new and exciting.
This game is a keeper to have and I wouldn't mind playing another James Bond game, which I'm getting From Russia with Love. And that means there will be more fights to the end. I just keep playing this game over again.
Though Wolfenstein 3-D and the Doom franchise had come and gone long before its time, Goldeneye for the Nintendo 64 grabbed the First Person Shooter genre and ran with it for what seemed like miles and miles. Forget a touchdown, this game ran the ball for fifteen hundred yards, with three interceptions and a dozen field goals. Nothing on a home console was even close to its league. And even today, in the afterglow of behemoths like Halo, Metroid Prime and a limitless roster of PC shooters, the game holds up surprisingly well considering its limitations.It's difficult to call any game "perfect." No matter how original, how exciting, how breathtaking it may look, sound, play or feel, there remain a couple frustratingly overlooked areas, and Goldeneye is no exception. Most notably poor are the one or two levels which feature a limitless stockpile of enemy soldiers. No lie, I've memorized the layout of a base from start to finish, known there's nowhere these soldiers could be coming from, and watched as dozens and dozens miraculously appear from thin air to resume their fallen brothers' attack. It makes strategy an impossibility and frustrates the player to their wits' end. In addition, there's the small matter of dead or dying enemy soldiers who stand in the way. Every once in a while, an armed adversary will take a head shot and then stand, blankly staring, for several moments before slowly dropping to the floor. This wouldn't be such a bad thing if the other soldiers' bullets couldn't pass right through him. So you'll often find yourself firing into the chest of a dead man, a futile attempt to get at the soldiers behind him, all the while taking fire from those still breathing on the other side of his body. Despite my small misgivings however, 99% of this game plays flawlessly. The progression of difficulty is astounding, moving from the relatively easy early levels to a series of seemingly impassible stages near the cart's conclusion. And it's all done while walking that razor's edge between being excessively cheap and being overly giving. The player realises these missions are possible, even as he's watching Bond die for the twelfth time in as many minutes.Add to all that three difficulty levels, cheats that must be unlocked with speed, precision and overall know-how, hidden stages and hidden characters. Not only do you have a legendary FPS, you've also found nearly limitless replay value. Goldeneye is more than just a very good game, it's the stuff legends are made of. It's a game you'll want to play with your grandkids years from now.Hands down, the most attractive part about Bond's N64 debut, even today, is its controls. The Nintendo 64 controller was seemingly created exclusively for use with 007's repertoire, as every button is in precisely the right place for its function. It truly is the kind of thing that takes five minutes to learn and a lifetime to master. The center grip of the N64 controller seems to BECOME the handle of a silenced PP7, Bond's revolver of choice. The "Z" button is a perfect trigger, and if you've purchased a Rumble Pack you can even feel the weapon kick back when you fire. Strafing is done effortlessly with the right hand, as is crouching and adjusting the zoom of a sniper rifle. No control system has ever felt so immersive, so right. After the first level, you hardly recognize the controller is there, it's already become such an extension of your own body. I can't sing any higher a praise than that.If you've seen the feature film of the same name, you'll notice some eerie similarities. Everything, from the writing on a wall in the city to the placement of the soldiers deep within a Russian bunker is precisely as it was seen on the silver screen. It's honestly unsettling, how well the level designers did their jobs. Ever wondered what was behind that last bathroom stall in the film? You'll get your chance to find the answer on the N64. It's an experience I can't really put into words, something I'd never seen before and haven't seen since. It's a level of perfectionism that has yet to be matched in a video game adaption.Finally, there's the multiplayer aspect of 007. While the single-player mode is challenging, unique and groundbreaking, multiplayer is absolutely unreal. I had the good fortune of living in a large college dorm complex at the time this game was first released, and thus experienced more multiplayer Bond than I'd wish on anyone. There were literally lines leading into my room, just for the chance to grab one of our four controllers and get into the action. It was an addictive community event, whenever that little red light on the front of our N64 lit up. Truly something special. With multiple modes of play, a handful of playable levels, some hidden surprises and dozens of options, you were guaranteed to never play the same match twice, and it didn't take much for the lighthearted action to become a cold-hearted war. In a time and place where four player deathmatches are a no-brainer, it's hard to imagine a game that pioneered the field. Goldeneye blazed that path, and did so in style. It cleared out the weeds, flattened the hills, and paved the roads that Halo drives its way across today. Truly, the game was revolutionary and it still plays as such.In short, Goldeneye is almost reason alone to own a Nintendo 64, even today. There's a charm about it that can't be described, a realism and authenticity that goes beyond the aging graphics and occasionally slow gameplay. It's got the look and feel of a legend, and that's exactly the word I'd use to describe it. While there are certainly flaws, this is a game you'll kick yourself for never owning in a few years, when it becomes increasingly difficult to track down.
GoldenEye became the steeple for how the Bond series was going to be and I'm glad that it was because for me, I could never get tired of this game because of it's awesome challenges, graphics, gameplay and of course the gore factor (very bloody game. Maybe a no for younger gamers, but for those of us older gamers, a definite).Level after level, this game played almost to a T like the movie and you got to use all of Bond's weapons from his magnum to a bazooka, to grenades and plastic explosives and of course, the one hit kill Golden Gun.This also had the perfect multi player vs mode in the history of the 64 system. Where else could you blow up 3 of your friends with a bazooka at the same time (if you were lucky enough to stumble upon them shooting it out with each other).GoldenEye has never left my 64 rotation and again, I still love to play the multi player when my friends come over. I will again stress to those of us who are parents (like myself) that you should maybe think otherwise if you have some young gamers because it is very violent and very bloody. For those of you without that restriction, go wild and get this game. You won't be disappointed.
GoldenEye 007 was simply the greatest game ever made. No if, ands or buts. This game stood out from the rest giving itself the title of the almighty master of the game world.My Uncle Steve was the first person to tell me about the game in 1997 and told me I had to get Goldeneye and told me Its the best game he ever played and he only had a Playstaion at the time. I played this game when it first game out I was 11 years old and I'm now 24 and still love it to the death.GoldenEye set the standards for every FPS that has followed.
Ever since I purshased GOLDENEYE 007 on the old N64, I became highly addicted to it, like many other gamers around the world. I also have to thank this game as well, because it made me a hardcore James Bond fan.This is the best first-person shooting game ever! Although dated, the detail of this game is amazing. There's over 14 levels of shooting! My favorite missions are the first level, the Silo mission, the Train mission, and the very last level.Highly recommended game; it fuels the senses! If you like James Bond, or any type of video game, get it! Mostly all of you have.
I got this game when it first came out which was a couple years ago, but I'm just now writing the review, strange isn't it?  This game is what makes having an N64 so great!  The graphics are just sweet.  The story pretty much follows the movie, and alters a little things to make it more enjoyable for us gamers.  This game is very easy to control.  That's one of the best things about it. The controls are placed if logical places, and it's better than the Turok controls.  The best part of this game is the multiplayer.  It's what made the game so famous.  Killing your friends has never been this much fun.  I'll never get tired of one of my friends walking in a hallway, unsuspecting that a proximity mine is waiting there to take his digital life.  The best multiplayer level has got to be the facility.  But I'll let you, the buyer, decide for yourself.  Another game I recommend, and that's probebly better is Perfect Dark.
I am a major player of 007 games. I have played nearly every single one, but I have to say, GoldenEye is one of the best that there is, even years and platforms later. Even though I have a GameCube with all of the other 007 games, I still to this day find myself returning to play a round of Goldeneye.GoldenEye has a great plotline (in my opinion, even better than the movie) and long missions, which allow a lot of replay value. The graphics are a bit blurry, but that is to be expected in an N64 FPS.Overall, I love this game, and would reccomend it to any 007 fan.
One of the games that made n64 so great, had graphics for the time, multiplayer all around fun and in my opinion one of the best games of it's time.
GoldenEye 007 is one of the best game's for the, Nintendo 64. When, you hear pepole say the game is Great, There not kiddin'.  I've had This game for a while, And I'm still coming back to it. It's an 11/10 Replay value. I'd give GoldenEye 007 more Star's if I could. If, you want a game that you can come back to, Year's later, And a GREAT game for alot of pepole, Then Get GoldenEye 007.
Another Rareware CLASSIC!  The game that defines 1st person shooter!! Like the title says, Rare did it Best.  I love the PC shooters like Doom, Quake & Duke Nukem.  But 007 did it 1000%!  The first of it's kind...perfect 3-d graphics & 360 control.  And the first game to do stealth right.  You can sneak through levels stealth with your silenced pistol, or go all out nuts with the AK.  This model of game would go on to influence ALL future fps.  PS3 & xbox fanboys take notice!  If rare hadn't come up with this formula, Modern Warfare & Halo wouldn't exist as they are!
...for it's timeGoing back and replaying this game is weird and fun. it's fun to see how bad the graphics were, and how you didn't see it that way back in the day.considering how easy it is to buy old games, this is a must buy!
I remember playing multiplayer tournaments on this when I was younger and still play against my son when I can.
Golden Eye on the Nintendo 64 needs no introduction it redefined the FPS genere it had great controlls for it's day stuck as close as it could with the movie it was a major killer app for the 64 around  97-98. The music was good the graphics were decent enough there dated now but this game was & still is the $**t. Golden Eye never has failed on any level I still play it from time to time & the multiplayer back in the summer of 98 me my friends or my brother or his friends or my cousin we all played the multiplayer to death. Should you get this game well it's been out since the late 90's & & if you never played it your missing out it warrants a purchase of a N 64 for this game alone. Golden Eye for the 64 is as good if not better than movie.
I thought that I'd review some James Bond 007 video games the games that I own. You know it's going to be The 50th Anniversary this year which I might see Skyfall but I'm here to review the best 007 game by far Golden Eye on The Nintendo 64 which was a game that was only exclusive to The N64 meaning back in 97 it was like hey you need to go out & buy a Nintendo 64. I remember playing this game a lot in 1998 it's an amazing game all around of course the multiplayer is what stands out I played it a lot with my brother, my friends & cousin a lot. The single player mode is well done the game play is great & the weapon selection is the best of all The 007 games. For what it is it does a good job of following the movie Golden Eye going through the 1st 3 levels it deals with the beginning of the movie. Where you think 006 Alec Treyvelyn was kill & where Bond escapes in the plane. There is a level you saw in the movie Servenya that you go to. You have to go there twice the 2nd time is where you meet Natalya who in the movie you meet in the helicopter explosion. Of course you meet Janus at The Statue Park who turns out to be Treyvelyn. You get to use a tank just like in the movie you get to go through the train depot which isn't in the movie the train level is pretty good & there are lines that Alec Treyvelyn says in the movie on this level. The last 4 levels is pretty much the movie towards the end. This game is 1 of the best 1st person shooters out there it changed the genre. If you never played Golden Eye on The N64 I can't reccommend it enough & I'm not talking about the new 1 which I have yet to play.
No doubt, the best Nentendo game ever created up till this day.  This game is better than all the Nentendo games for all it's systems.  It has the best multi player game ever for any system, and a A- single player game.  The only thing about the multiplayer game is that it could use a bit more weapons.  And the single player game is up there with Metal Gear Solid (the original).  It's game has lots of levels, and is very challenging, but in a good way.  It's cheat options are really hard to get, but once you do, it makes the game even more awsome.  So overall, you only need one word to describe this game: spectacular.
The level's are great and there is a lot to do to save the world in the nick of time before some bad happen's. YOU as bond. As you go into the game they are other bad guy's are trying to kill you as you try to save the world. HEY, buy this game, you will have a time of you life and trying to stay alive. Hey, it true it is a good game to play by yourself or two people, Hey go buy the game and find out what I'am talking about OK. I play it over TEN time because it GREAT to get into. By the away they are FOUR bad guy's are after you so run, run, RUN for your life well, just in the game, are you lucky. Don't spoil yourself over this game I have. KEEP YOUR COOL IN THE GAME SO GOOD LUCKY. PS, Your going to need it. There are easy levels and hard levels and there are very hard level's. Get ready for a big adventure to save the world. There are Characters in the game just like the movie is that cool or what??
...BR>This game, more than any other for the Nintendo 64, is what will come to mind when most ppl think of the N64.  Mainly because, this was one of the first shooter games to require the gamer to use his brain to solve puzzles and get thru the nasty surprises the game will throw at you.  Not following the bloodlust of previous first shooter games like Doom, Heretic, Turok, etc. this game is in a class of its own.  It gives you objectives to complete however, unlike Perfect Dark it adds to the challenge by giving you deadly surprises that are NOT mentioned in the mission breifing, these will make at least restart a few levels over and over until you figure it out for yourself.  Its a much better game than any other First shooter Ive played since it stresses Stealthy behavior, and intelligence on the part of the player to succeed.Granted it does not have the extras in the Multiplayer section that Perfect Dark has but it has an element of challenge that Perfect Dark will never have.
This is one of my favorite FPS's of all time. It stands right alongside Halo, and Battlefield 1942. The single player missions are done wonderfully, the enviroments are great, and the multiplayer is the best I have ever played.BUY THIS!
This is the one game that I would play day in and day out, for more than a year.  The one game where I discovered something new almost every time I played.  It was the one game which brought me and my friends together religiously at least 3 or 4 times a week.  Somehow it just wouldn't die, no matter how hard we tried.At first, it just seemed so standard and bland.  Playing muliplayer for the first time, I had problems finding guns and felt confused and bored running through the Temple level.  soon, somehow, something clicked, and me and my friends  ended up playing it for about 4 hours straight.  Towards the end of that introductory marathon Goldeneye session, we took our first stride out of the standard Deathmatch restriction- increasing my character's health to its highest limit and my friends fighting against me.  Thus we coined the &quot;God&quot; mode, and we played this variant to death in the coming months.It didn't end there.  We had fests where we would do nothing but attack each other with punches.  We bought a bunch of video cable and conected three televisions together to form a sort of splitscreen, LAN-type mode, covering up other player's screens so we wouldn't know where the other players were.  We playedthe Team mode constantly, refining our knowledge of the levels and our marksmanship.  Fed up with auto-aiming, we turned it off and further honed our skills.  I began to be able to play the Complex level in my sleep.  Proximity mines soon became an addiction.  We pushed the game to its limits, learning that we could move the ammo boxes, shields, and guns around by shooting them, thus reworking their positions and creating large stockpiles in team games.  We began to use Gameshark to unlock multiplayer maps that weren't intended for the final version, as well as increasing the limits on two and three player maps to four players.  We discovered a code that turned one player invisible, and proceeded to do hunter-hunted scenarios over splitscreen.Basically, it was the first game to really show limitless possibilities.  It was a revolution for first-person shooters, and so many have overlooked this fact.  It was the first to have targeting of individual body parts, over 20 weapons to choose from, realistic glass, shooting out of lights, and bullet holes, and for its time fairly revolutionary AI.  All in all, it was an experience that defined video games for me, and few if any have matched it with a similar addictive experience.
This is the best shoot em up on the N64. I was very impressed with the game play, the graphics, the action, the multi player fun, everything.... the only downfall about the game is I wanted more, more, more. The cheats are great when you unlock them and the best thing is you dont need a memory card, everything saves on the cartridge. RARE actualy managed to compress a game that was too big for the N64 into this game somehow, and it suprises me that it does not even use the N64 Expansion pack to do that!!! This game is not just hoursand hours of fun, but days, weeks, years . i still play this cool game even today!
Goldeneye 007 on the now obsolete Ninetndo 64 is still to this day my favourite game of all time. Before the Nintendo 64 arrived i was a massive Sega fan, nothing anyone said could put me off my Sega obsession. And then i played Mario 64 and everything changed. I went out and swapped my Sega Saturn and all it's games for a brand new Nintendo 64 and a second hand copy of Mario 64 and i never looked back. Then allmost a year later Goldeneye 007 arrived and introduced me to a whole new genre. You see before Goldeneye, i had never played a first person shooter so it was all new to me. I also happened to be a huge James Bond fan at the time so i was quite excited about playing this for the first time, and i was not dissapointed. Everything about this game just worked so well, it had the right feel a bond game should have. It was also one of the most addictive multi-player games ever. Me and me mates would spend hours playing this game. The weapons are some of the best ever in a first person shotter. The snipper riffle in particular was awsome to use and the tank levels were so much fun. Since Goldeneye there been some trully amazing shooters including the brilliant Half-Life, but for some reason i have yet to play a game that has that same magic as Rare's wonderful game. If you haven't played this yet then you don't know what you're missing.
Very good FPS game, although multiplayer mode does lag. Highly recommend for your N64 collection. This one is a classic.
Lord,It has been too darn long since I last played this master piece.The single player mode is too much fun. But, the 99% of the credit goes to the multi game mode.Great selection of weapons, nice variety of levels, Huge list of characters to choose from (from the original bond movies), fun options while playing (Bobble head characters, paint ball shooting marks).I am telling you the game was the center of attention with friends. Large gatherings, challenges, playing till the break of dawn. I will give the game credit from keeping us off the streets =) .I don't know if I can find this game, but boy if you can! Find three friends and Play it without mercy.All the best,Nawaf.
Golden eye, games that are coming out now owe their controls to golden eye. Based on the movie, the game is truly hard hiting gameplay action that is super fun. This game is a very great shooting game. One of the best shooting game of all time, golden eye has a great story, and goes along with the new 007 games that are coming out. Redifine the origin by playing this game if you haven't. Sure the graphics aren't that great but dude, its nitendo 64. They should remake this game and other classic 64 games for nitendo gamecube. If you still play 64 (god have mercy) you will also love perfect dark.If your buying this game, for some reason you should add perfect dark. Same game play action, but for some reason I love &quot;Perfect Dark&quot; better. But thats me.....
I loved this game, and playing it now after all these years it's still awesome.  Multiplayer on a split screen is still fun.
The multiplayer is amazing but most reviews already cover that. I still have yet to beat the last level "Cradle" and the 2 bonus missions on the hardest difficulty after 12 years, and yet I am addicted to trying over and over. I finished the Campaign twice on the 1st 2 difficulties. Each difficulty higher, the more parts of the level you explore, and the more crazy scenarios you will experience, places and scenarios that you did not experience in the easier difficulties.. Many missions you can go about using stealth or guns blazing. It is always fun trying to beat facility or Bunker #1 with just a silenced pp7 without alerting anyone. Nothing is more satisfying than shooting 2 gaurds to death with a silenced ppk before they can hit the alarm. In some levels if you are feeling arrogant, you can hit the alarm yourself and take on hundreds of enemies and go rambo. There is so much about this game I could go on for days about how amazing this game is. No modern AAA FPS has surpassed Goldeneye on N64 campaign to this day. The remakes have been complete crap, despite the amazing COD engine. If you own a N64 and love perfect dark or other great FPS adventures you will love this.
Yeah this is one of the classics that blew away everyone (N64 MAGAZINES got better because of it!!!) and bonded friends and family for years on end. There was no other game like it. Empire magazine started writing better games reviews because of it. This was a mental good multiplayer in 1997. We all played this side by side for years. I can't say I have played anything quite like it since. Golden Eye N64. Yeah, those where the days!!! I remember this left Playstation 1 owners in awe.
I purchased this game after a nostalgia case I had (lol) and it worked just fine. I would buy another if this one failed.
My N64, it acts like a rock sitting right there under my tv. I bought a total of 8 count em 8 games on this pathetic system (I have what about 60 for my computer). But this game made me believe that a good shooter could be made on consoles (although very few of the ports from pc to consoles are, usually the original games for the consoles are good.)Of those 8 games I have, this one is worth about 10. The makers of this game are geniuses and have spread that on to other games like the timesplitters series (if there is any game that will make me buy a gamecube, besides metroid prime, it IS timesplitters 2. It is a master peace that will be lived on in my memories and it will remain stuck in my damn cartrage slot of my forgotten n64, or it would be forgotten, if not for this game.
The names Bond, James Bond. Those five words mark the saying of probably on of the most famous fictional spy of all time. And, finally he came to the Nintendo 64. This game is by far the best game for any console. It kicks Resident Evil's butt all the way back to campcom's facility to teach them not to make such stupid looking games.
Goldeneye set the standards for every FPS that has followed. It is the best of the best. The levels are action packed and extremely memorable. I can do the levels in my head I've played them so many times. The graphics are dull now, but back in the day these visuals were top notch. The music involves some of the best techno I've ever heard. The game is also surprisingly difficult. I took me ten years to beat all the difficulty levels. The multiplayer is ahead of it's time with four player large arena style deathmatches. This game should be missed by no one, pick up a copy today and first hand see the best.Presentation- This game captures what it is to be James Bond. There are a great deal of weapons, cool menus, and music that still rocks to this day. All around a great feeling game the blood rolling down the screen after you die is epic. 5/5Story- The game follows the story of Goldeneye pretty closely, and there are two bonus levels that follow other Bond movies. Including one of the hardest levels of all time the Aztec based on the movie Moonraker. 5/5Graphics- This game looked amazing for it's day, now it may be unimpressing but remember what the world of N64 looked liked. 5/5/Game play- This is the part that could be helped by a remake. The N64 controller only has one joystick. This is awkward sometimes, but the use of the c-pad to strafe helps. Nintendo please remake this amazing gem. 4.5/5Sound- Some of the best music in a video game ever made. Catchy music that I even have on my Ipod to this day. 5/5Lasting Appeal- I still play this game regularly when the current generation games anger me. I can play levels in my head, need I say more. This game will never be forgotten or equaled. 5/5Rating 4.9/5.
This game was awesome when I was little and owned my original N64, and it's still awesome to this day. You just can't outdo a good thing, and this game proves it.
Golden Eye is widely considered one of the best FPS ever made. It is a great solid game, and I recommend this game to everybody.
Brings back memories of days long gone by. As i've turned from kid to teen, from teen to young adult and some day to old man, the nostalgia and memory of my childhood in the '90s becomes ever more appealing to me. Back in the days of summer vacations, weekends off, few worries and fewer obligations and responsibilities.
This game may not have a lot of flashy features like sound, or simulant multiplayer, but who cares? I bought this game in 1998 and I still play it. I recommend it to anyone who likes first-person-shooters, or a James Bond fan.
GoldenEye 007 is not only the best movie tie-in game of all time, but it is perhaps the most influential first-person shooter ever to hit the gaming-console market.  If you aren't aware of the plot of this game that's not a problem, because essential it is the same as the popular James Bond movie, GoldenEye, which was released in 1995- two years prior to this game's release.This is a game that is filled with techniques and styles that would be mimicked in many future games to come, and it gives the player a wide variety of objectives, and difficult challenges.  The A.I. is smart (especially on higher difficulty settings) and the environments are complex enough to provide entertainment, as well as difficulty to any gamer.The introduction of logical hit-points on your enemies is a great feature.  Even bosses in this game can be taken down with a well-aimed shot to the head.  It is this type of realism that really makes you feel like your James Bond and that you can sneak in, sneak out, covertly taking out henchmen as you go, or springing alarms and having to go through massive shootouts.  Because of this there are many ways to beat the game, and limitless possibilities for how you accomplish your tasks.  AKA: You can take easy ways or hard ways of beating levels...and if you don't have a strategy guide you'll have to find out those paths by yourself (which, I might add, is incredibly fun if you want to waste a day away).This is one of those games that the more you play it the more you're able to value its contributions to the gaming industry.  Each time I play it I notice aspects that have been replicated in many following FPS games.  So if you have a Nintendo 64 go ahead and dust that sucker and order a used copy of GoldenEye 007, because trust me, as a Bond fan, and a casual gamer I can say that this game is highly recommended for all those who want to step into the shoes of James Bond, or just have an awesome, intense gaming experience.(Also make sure to look out for its sister game, Perfect Dark, which is also on the N64, following the same controls, and very similar weapon uses.).
Hands-down the best N64 game.  Goldeneye is very similar to the movie, like the Siberian dam mission, the satellite control facility, etc.. The graphics are the best I've seen for the N64, except for Zelda 64 (the first one).  The auto-aim feature and 4-person multiplayer make the game perfect for the common area of a dorm room.
Goldeneye lookes like just another shootem up game, but it is more than that. Goldeneye takes James Bond to the next level.Pros: graphics are great4 player is funlots of cheats to make the game even betteralot of characters to choose fromCons: a little to easy to beatno voices during game playnot alot of multiplayer levelsIn the end Goldeneye is a great game and I recommend it to anyone.
before this the racing games were race around a track and did not have to save the game.  then when gt1 came out the racing really improved dramatically you can unlock cars tracks.  plus you can save and you can upgrade in this one i believe.  after this every game then racing games started to be like gt series.  this is one of the best and most popular game series from Sony.  try this out.
This is, by far, undeniably the racing game to have.A game with over 20 cars to choose from? UNHEARD OF at the time- this game's got over 150, folks.A game with true-to-life car physics, sounds, and handling? GET REAL, right? Nope, all here.A game with so much customization, import tuner companies piss their pants? It's ALL here.Gran Turismo is the original racing simulator that started it all.You start off with a measly 10,000 bucks. That all but gets you a clunker of a car, which, after beating a bunch of driver's ed tests, you can use to sneak your way through a few races....winning a bit of cash and some cars you can either sell or save to tune later....until you can finally buy your dream car (which for me was the Acura NSX Type S-Zero the first time I played through it)Let me just stress how perfect this game is....Sure, your first time through it, you'll take a hairpin turn at Grand Valley way too fast, spin out of control, scream, yell, and curse at the TV, maybe throw and break your controller as you finish in last place....but over time, you'll feel so much utter control of your car, that any shimmy or shake the car makes while cornering or countersteering or powersliding, you'll know exactly how to correct it. No two cars in the game handle the same. You have your FF, FR, MR, and 4WD drivetrains.Simply, you have it all here.The graphics in the game push the Playstation to the limit....this, GT2, and R4: Ridge Racer Type 4 are by far the best-looking racing games on the original Playstation.There are hordes of races to race, and multiple cars to win, so the replay value is through the roof.My absolute FAVORITE part about the game is fine-tuning the gear ratios of a fully-tuned, supercharged turbo monster of a car, and trying to get every last ounce of power out of it for a top speed at the Test Track. I've literally spent days at a time fiddling with the gear ratios on a car, knowing that someway, somehow, I'd be able to squeeze another 2 or 3 MPH out of it. Not only that....adjusting the car's ride height affects top speed and acceleration, too....My personal best was achieving 274 MPH with the Mitsubishi GTO Twin Turbo MR....It took me at least 8 hours to get it from its standard 252 MPH top speed it gets with all of the top performance parts, and no fiddling with gear ratios or anything....The one, and ONLY downside to the game is that you only get $12,000 for any car you sell that you won from a tournament. Even a car that you KNOW should rake in WAY more than just 12K....like say for instance, the TVR Cerbera LM.Other than that, this game is absolute perfection, 10 out of 10....
I was looking for a racing video game for my new playstation, and everyone I talked to told me to get Gran Turismo.  And now I know why.  It's so fun!  It's challenging, but not impossible.  The graphics are good and realistic, and there are tons of cars to choose from.  I really like the simulation mode where you can race for money and buy new cars or upgrade old ones.  I'm a huge fan of my Dodge Viper with racing stripes.One thing that's not so great about this game is the space that it takes up on your memory card.  Just to have a simulation mode game going, you need 5 empty blocks.  If you want to get into saving replays and stuff, it can use up to 15 blocks.  Memory cards are expensive... I'm not willing to devote an entire memory card to one game, no matter how great it is.
i play this game with the interact wheel this game is very fun not as good as the other ones thoe 8/10.
always love Gran turismo so I wanted the ones from PS1. This came in good condition, and with all the manuals too. Pretty sweet this game is almost 15 years old and it's still around.
Graphics: 8/10 - You can see some of the computerised effects you crash or something, but all of the graphics in this game look good and give feel to the competition.Sound: 8/10 - There could be a bit more commotion when you crash or flip or something, but the engines vrooming gives you a thrill and the creaking sound of the breaks is eye-widening.Value: 10/10 -This game is seriously worth the money. The word value is essential when buying a game and you get your money's worth and more. In short: get it now!Overall: 9/10 - Fabulously entertaining and complex car game that really lives up to its reputation. You'll be playing it in your sleep!
This game does seem a bit lacking after playing the other games in the franchise, but holds up well if you don't mind the graphics.Buyer beware.  Watch out for copies that don't read Greatest hits on.  Seems there was a bug that wouldn't allow you to get 100% in the game.  These copies alway have been known to wipe out your garage.
When this game came out I was a pimply faced highschool kid. All I wanted was a car heck even a drivers license would do. The closest thing I could get to driving a real car was playing games like well... playing games like.... ummm? well... THERE WERE NO GAMES EVEN CLOSE TO DRIVING A REAL CAR!Then one day at funcoland I picked up a magazine and read about this new game comming out called Gran Turismo, and how it was the ultimate car game. They used real cars and physics to make the game that much authentic. It was the closest a pimply faced highschool kids dream come true. This wasn't just another mash the gas driving game... this was a revolutionary driving experience.I slapped my 20 bucks down on a preorder that day. When Gran Turismo was realised... it changed all driving games as you know it. All I remember was this being the first driving game that took cars seriously, and I don't know about you, but the first time I loaded in that Disk, and saw all those car names flashing across the screen I almost wet my pants in exctasy. This was the driving game I had been waiting for my entire life!Never had there been so much detailed paid to a vehicle in a game. I mean everysingle aspect was there,even a car wash! I have no idea how many hours I spent playing that game, but took up heaps of my time afterschool. The game was an instant legend, and if you didn't own it, didn't play it, or didn't know someone who had or did, you might as well as hung yourself with your Sega Saturn power chord. The game was just that good.Even to this day I don't think anything has quite impacted or revolutionized racing games...other than the idea of online game play. But, this was the game that gave birth to it all. Sure over the years there have been many platform editions of the game, but there is only one true gran turismo, and that's the original. If your looking for this game today, its because you want to add it to your ps1 collection, and this is a game well worth having if you missed out on it. As for me, I have my memory cards sitting in the garage, just incase someone wants to Challenge my Dodge Viper GTS-R one day.
I bought this game as I wanted to complete my GT collection. I have been looking for a while to find this game at a reasonable price, and Amazon didn't let me down in finding it. I have played it, and it isn't the best compared to today's standards, but I have it more or less to complete the collection.
First of all I am from Guatelama, back then in 1998, I was saving to get my nintendo 64 system. But one day my older brother, went to a videogame store planning to by the 64 with Mario. I had already sold my SNES, and i was just waiting to begin collecting stars. Then when my bro came by, He was carrying a bag with a Playstation Box and a rare game called Gran Turismo.I was really mad, until he connected it, and when the Sony logo appeard, I was shocked, sound, graphics etc, from the video of Gran Turismo the presentation, to my first race, that was it, I forgot everything about nintendo, except of Killer Instinct, but thats how it started.The other Gran Turismos are obviolusly better, but this is the one that made the leap. like, MGS, FFVII, and all those awesome PS1 games that changed how we play right now. Gran Turismo is that kind of game that not everyone loves, specially the arcade ones, but its simply amazing. The best of its kind and time.By that time a NFS normaly had no more than 15 - 20 cars, and this changed it forever with more than 160 cars. If you want a realistic experience buy a PS3 and Gran Turismo 5, and after that you'll want to have the collection. I have passed the 5 of them, including the prologue, it takes time, but that why i am paying.Characteristics:+ 160 cars and customizable, first time in history11 detailed tracksreal PhisicsBest racing graphics until Gran Turismo 2 and so on.most realistic control until....GT2 and so on tooThe best quaility in menus, and a revolutionary simulation mode, also an arcade mode.First time ever replays and to save you replay too.Simply a classic.
I played this game for the first time some thirteen years ago and I was blown away. In the days of 32 bit graphics on PlayStation, this was as good as it was going to get for car games. While EA had the arcady Need For Speed franchise, Sony and Polyphony Digital's first foray into simulation racing was absolutely fantastic. As the first entrant into the series that is now up to GT5 (I don't care what the negative reviews say, that game is great!), this shines as the title that started it all. I won't go into the nuances of the game here because others have done so before me. If you are chronologically inclined like I tend to be, and you want to start the series at its genesis before moving on to the later games, there is no better place to start that right here at GT1. Be forewarned, of course, that the graphics on your HD TV will be a little lacking...ok, a lot lacking. With all the cars, setups, tracks, and races to make up for it, the now suspect graphics won't matter at all. Get ready for the first drive of your life.
Effortlessly dusting the competition, Gran Turismo flashes past the finish line with slick controls and stellar gameplay. It's easily the best of the PlayStation's realistic racing games.Starting off in the garage, Turismo scores big with 166 real-life cars, ranging from the lowly Honda Civic to the high-end dream machines like the Corvette, Viper, and Toyota Castrol Supra. The excellent selection of tracks delivers plenty of variety, and Turismo performs like a winner with no draw-in, speedy load times, and blazing-fast action. But gameplay is where Turismo really rocks. A fast, pick-up-and-play Arcade mode, along with topnotch two-player split-screen racing, positions Turismo at the head of the pack for casual racing fans. And hardcore racers who delve into the amazing Sim mode will uncover impressive depth. It's almost like fantasy league racing-you test for licenses, participate in a wide array of events, buy and maintain as many cars as you can afford, and even upgrade their performances with a vast multitude of parts.Need for Speed III may have more flash, but Turismo's got more game. It's one of the must-buy titles of this summer.
this by far one of the best gran turismo on ps1 driving the skyline with 947hp wow i still remember my supra back in 2001 on my brothers old ps1 i used to watch my brother play this game and winning the races and selling cars he would always race on the test track and the ring speedway track i still do it on my ps3 ..
This is the original that started it all. If you can you past the fact that it is quite dated, you will absolutely love everything about this title. The gameplay is rock-solid, and the game moves really fast. Camera is great, as the whole game is viewed from a bird's eye perspective. The game is very open ended, and you will never get bored while playing this.
The first installment in the GTA franchise, this game is awsome, the story is simple and the gameplay is fun.
I remember when my parents got me this game for Christmas 8 years ago! That was good times! Liberty City's based on New York City featuring Brocklyn based on Brooklyn, Kings based on Queens, Brix based on Bronx, Manhaddan based on Manhattan, but no island based on Staten Island!  Liberty City's bordered by the Garden State of New Guernsey based on the Garden State of New Jersey!  Very decent graphics by 1997 standards!  Realistic car controls!  Realistic gun fights!  No so realistic fist fights.  Good music!  There are 2 more cities to unlock such as the unidentified city in the Golden State of San Andreas based on San Francisco, California and Vice City in the Sunshine State of Florida based on Miami, Florda!  So get out there, grab a car, and have some fun!
This is where it all started. If your and old school gamer you've probably already played this. And if not it is a great game. If your a GTA fan but haven't played this it is a must to truly understand how great and innovated this series is and has become. If your not a fan of old school gaming though you may not like it.
This game has all the violence and language of the current popular Grand Theft Auto games packing into a convenient 2D package! :).
This was the first real game I ever played along with the first I ever owned. Despite the fact that I've grown out of many kids games and spend my time focused on M-rated games with a lot of violence or sexual themes, this is one of those games I most definitely have not grown out of. I love the tracks, the weapons, the characters(Yoshi's my favorite), and simplely how much fun this game still delivers to this very day. The replay value is endless, and multiplayer is still very engaging(It's always fun to humiliate your friends at this game). This game is what got me started on games and it will continue to be one of my most memorable games in my life as a gamer.
It has spawned such classic levels (as I recall) such as Luigi's Circuit, Moo Moo Farm, Frappe's Snowland, Toad's Turnpike, Koopa Troopa Beach, Banshee Highway, Bowser's (infamous) Castle, Wario's Stadium and the ridiculously long and bright track, Rainbow Road, which has spawned at LEAST 5 different versions throughout the series!My all-time favorite level in the game is actually Sherbet Land. It's filled with ice and is just fun to cruise through! And the penguins that you can run into are so cute!The playable characters are your basic eight: Mario (balance), Luigi (balanced), Princess Peach (lightweight), Toad (lightweight), Yoshi (advanced), Donkey Kong (heavyweight), Wario (heavyweight) and Bowser (the heavi"est"weight).This game is very, VERY easy to just pick up and play with friends. The controls are simple as all get out and the characters look pretty cool, for a N64 game. The sounds they make are cool too!If you want something that 4 guys (and/or girls) can enjoy, this is the right move!* PROS *-Bright, colorful boards.-Addicting sound effects.-Semi-interesting characters.-Fun tracks.-4-Way BATTLE. Nuff said.-8 Semi-unique characters* CONS *-Sound comes through in 1-player or 2-player mode, but fails to when playing with 2 or 3 friends-16 levels just isn't enough to satisfy the average gamer's thirst-The music can be annoying/nauseating to some-When you're in 1st, you get crappy items. When you're last, you get the best ones, usually landing you in 1st/2nd/3rdCons aside, I spent countless hours with friends that I cherished playing this game. It will bring smiles to your faces for months to come. If you like this and own a Nintendo DS or a DS Lite (shame on ALL of you who don't!), then I totally recommend Mario Kart DS also. More levels and more mayhem. Did I mention even more characters?!4.5 stars.
even with all the improvements in systems, games, graphics, etc., this one remains a classic in all sense of the word.
People say GoldenEye was a much multiplayer than this game, but I've spent more happy hours racing my friends in Mario Kart 64 than blowing people up with proximity mines in the Complex in GoldenEye.Lots of people extol the graphics in GoldenEye, but graphics in Mario Kart 64 is better. First of all, it has a lower polygon count and the characters look much better. The gameplay is simple, but that only means it's easier to learn. The card that comes with the game tells you everything you need to know so all you have to do is plop the game inside the console and start playing.So the characters don't say much. It's mainly just a simple &quot;Yippee!&quot; or &quot;I'm-a Wario and I'm-a gonna win!,&quot; but there's much more in-game speech than GoldenEye. Sound effects are fine too. The soundtrack is excellent. It ranges from coutry to smooth jazz. Even some major critics of video game music I know have said that the music here is great. You know Koji Kondo's doing something right hearing that.Mario Kart 64 is addicting with four players, and it can be addicting with one player too. The Time Trials may be a little disappointing, but the Mario GP had me coming back for more.The game is one of the best racing games on the N64. It's better than WaveRace, Diddy Kong Racing, F-Zero X, and even Excitebike 64. Heck it's one of the best games on the N64! If you haven't played this game, then you don't know what you're missing.
This was the first 'Kart' game quite like this.. there isn't any 'Kart' game like this either outside of the Mario franchise. If you think you can find a better Karting game out there, I'd like to see you find it and show me, because from my finds and plays, this is the only game that is worth playing. From DK to Bowser, Peach to Toad, this game has most of the characters that have been involved with Mario in some way. The graphics are great for its time, the sound is fun, the worlds are colorful, the idea is great. Who wouldn't like this game- at ANY age? I'm not sure, but if you don't, you amy need to see a doctor. This is the best Kart game ever, and the best Mario Kart game ever.
I have loved this game from day 1. I was happy to find it and receive it quickly and safely.
Cool game.But I think Toad is the fastest of the crew. I usedto be an expert at it.I was even born an expert....
Excellent game all around except one thing....The game CHEATS.You can be in first place and magically all the computer controlled racers somehow manage to catch up to you anyway.Now, if you're in last place you literally have no chance of catching up.Not fair.Not cool.That aside....if you develop your skills you'll still win.After much practice I still managed to beat the game even though it blatantly cheats.Great graphics.Every character you love from the Mario universe.I think Toad is my favorite, when he gets hit LOL. The noise he (it?) makes is hilarious.The courses are inventive and enjoyable.The music fits in perfectly.Did I mention it cheats?That's my only complaint.Otherwise another five star winner from Nintendo.Highly recommended.
I used to play this game all the time when I was a kid. I recently came into an N64 and just had to get it. Game works perfectly and it arrived quickly.
This is an excellent game! Once you start playing you cannot stop until you actually beat it! This has averythingn a GOOD game should have: Excellent graphics, excellent gameplay, good2-player mode, and good sound. The only flaw in this game is... well... their are no flaws, this game gets a SOLID 5. Thanks for reading my review. Happy Gaming. P.S. Don't buy Pokemon Snap... Thanks!
Truly a classic. This game was one of the first I got for the N64, and it is one of my favorites today. As it gives graphics that were hardly ever seen in the early N64 days, it also has gameplay almost unmatched by the games of it's era. The sound is moderate, but sound isnt a very big facter in deciding the rating of the game.A followup on the early SNES version that was also a hit, this game was certainly watched before it's release date, as it stormed into the N64 world and took many fans (as you can see from it's very high review in many chances) right away. It was considered as a very high class game then, and now too. Many of the N64 owners today have one in their hands, and many of those have played the game for over 24 hrs.This game has wonderful graphics and sound for the era that it was made in. The size of a typical game back then, but with the technical advancements of some of the games today. The graphics are very good, as you can distinguish all characters and objects faster than immediatly. The game also shows no slow down rate no matter how many characters or items are on the screen at the same time.  The sound is entertaining for a while, and it is different for almost all of the 16 courses, showing wonderful compositions with goofy sound added noises at parts.The gameplay is also great. You may pick one of 8 characters to race with. On a small go - cart, you must race on one of the 16 courses and try to get in first. There are many modes. You can race with a group of 8 racers in a grand prix mode, where you may race a total of 4 races and accumulate points. A vs. mode race will put you against a friend or 2 (or 3) in a single race. There is also a battle mode, which will put you against 1 to 3 other players where the last one alive wins.The items in the game play a big part. Some will boost your speed, while some are used to slow down enemies. Some steal enemies items, and some let you do things such as go invincible or invisible. Most of the however, are used to smash your opponents into the air and slow them down. In battle, it will be used as one of 3 hits to destroy the enemy.The characters are the typical mario game characters:  Mario, Luigi, Peach, Toad, Yoshi, Wario, DK, and Bowser. They should all come in handy sometime in the game, and it should be fun to test them all.OVerall, this game is great for having fun. I reccommend it to any one. Great for technology too. This game is right for you.
This is a really cool game. I played this to death i don't know how many times, sometimes alone and at times with a partner.It's really tragic if you don't have this game when you own an N64, you don't know what you're  missing out on.Um...well, this game is pretty easy and you don't really  need a strategy guidebook for this one. I think the only reason why it's so  damn fun is because on every track and race, you can race it differently.  You can try new tricks or even attempt to create your own shortcut-if you  are that good!Graphics-wise, it's all a let-down, i was expecting  realistic models but i got cartoony characters, but then again- it's mario  and friends, right?As a mario fan- you'll want to have this in your  hands and if you're not- then play this as a party game. It beats Mario  Party in replay value but is somewhat less challenging.So bottomline-  it's a little too easy. But that will not prevent it from being a top 100  game of all time (read EGM #100)....
This game is one of two reasons to buy an N64.  It's excellent multiplayer, with enough shortcuts and tricks to perfect that's it's also a great solo game.  If you have an N64 and you don't have this game, then you should stop wasting your time and go out and buy it.  You could play the other games, but they are terrible...
This is the best racing game i've ever played and the most funest. The game has a cool unique to a racing game. it is tons of fun, and you can play either Mario, Luigi, Peach (The Princess), Toad, Yoshi, Bowser(King Koopa) & Donkey Kong. There are three types of trophies you can recieve, either the Mushroom trophy, Flower Trophy, Star Trophy and A Special Trophy. Cool Hu. Well this game was tons of fun i recomend it to everyone. Peace OutIf you liked this game then check out all of the Mario Games.
It plays great and i look forward to beating my fance. We place bets on who will win and the looser has to do the chores.
mario kart 64 is by far the best n64 gameif you want non-violent racing with all the nintendo characters for a good price- look no furtheralso if you like mario kart 64, you might likemario kart dsmario kart super curcuitmario kart snes.
Mario Kart 64, the sequel to the first Mario Kart game on the SNES is great. Nintendo got rid of some of the things that made the SNES title so much fun, but added a lot too. The gameplay is much more enhanced, the characters look much better and the individual go-karts are very realistic.Like the SNES version, this game includes 3 modes of play: GP (Grand Prix), Battle, and Time Trial. In GP you choose one of 8 characters: Mario, Luigi, Peach, Toad, Wario, Yoshi, Donkey Kong, and Bowser in a large variety of courses in the Mushroom Cup, Flower Cup Star Cup, or Special Cup (which you unlike by getting gold trophies in each of the 3 basic courses) in 50cc, 100cc, or 150cc mode. 50cc is the easiest, but in 100cc and 150cc the computer gets much faster and more challenging. There are several items you can collect by driving through the question mark boxes which help you during each race. Lightning bolts (the rarest item to get) makes all of the other opponents small, mushrooms give you a speed burst, banana peels make one of your opponents crash if they slip on it, red shells are used to shoot directly at an opponent to get them off course, and green shells keep bouncing off the walls until it hits one of the racers. Unlike the SNES Mairo Kart game, there are several objects you need to avoid to stay on course. In different races there are trucks and cars that will make you crash if you hit them, snowmen that will blow up if you hit them, and many other obstacles in different courses.In Battle mode you and up to 3 others choose one of the 8 characters. You drive around a course trying to pop each other's 3 balloons. You can pop their balloons by shooting red or green shells at them or throwing banana peels at them to make them slip. You can also use the other items to avoid being hit by them. Once all of your balloons are popped you become a bomb which you can drive around the course trying to run in to the other players. This mode is a lot of fun, especially if you get tired of continually playing Grand Prix mode.In Time Trial mode you race in any of 15+ courses and try to set records for each lap and/or race.The controls for Mario Kart 64 are very simple and easy to master, and the music and sound effects are great as well.If you want a great racing game for your N64, I highly recommend that you check out Mario Kart 64.
It's a classic, anyone that has a N64 should have this game.
Classic racing game. If you love racing games you should consider getting this game. You race around tracks throwing random stuff so that you can win. The graphics are great-- I mean during that time the graphics are great, you can't really argue about that.
After checking GameSpot's (author's note: this was originally posted exclusively on GameSpot.com) and a few user reviews, I absolutely had to throw my two cents in. I couldn't help but laugh when I read the introduction of "Even with all its bells and whistles, Mario Kart 64 is very likely to disappoint you after about a week."When I picked up this game initially, my thoughts were "SWEET! A new Super Mario Kart!" I, unfortunately, never had an SNES of my own, so my fixes came in the form of time at my friend's house.This game is absolutely spectacular in every way. Yes, I do feel that it could benefit from maybe a higher difficulty level and there is also the fact that it's possible to clinch a Gold medal in a circuit (4 races) after finishing in the top spot in each of the first three races. However, other than these minor spots, I find it to be flawless. Everything from the graphics to the sound to the features are great. There is also a great amount of multiplayer available in this, with not only the up to four player split-screen, but the track ghosts as well. Track ghosts are saved data of your best race (single player only) on a course. The game saves not only your time but your entire race. When you race against your ghost, you can actually compare yourself second-by-second on the tracks and this also helps you to analyze spots and what you did to help you become a better racer.The items are what really make multiplayer fun, though. I've had many a time where I have something such as a ghost (which lets you steal and item and makes you invisible/invincible) while my friend had a lightning bolt (shrinks all opponents) and it's a quick reaction race to see who can get their item deployed first. To me, however, there is nothing more satisfying than hitting your opponent (especially if it's a friend instead of the computer) with a green shell (a shell that fires straight out, as opposed to the red homing shells) as he's about to cross the finish line to win, not just the race, but the circuit as well. And, yes, I actually did that to a friend of mine. Talk about bragging rights.Up to this point, I have kept (or at least tried to keep) retro-rating out of this review and I was considering dropping one of the five rankings to a 9 because I'm stingy with giving out perfect 10's. If I had rated this game when it first came out, it would probably be rated somewhere around 9.7 to 9.9. However, there is one reason, and one reason only, that I still own my N64 -- and that is to play Mario Kart 64 ... a decade later. (Note: I can't even say that about Zelda: OoT or GoldenEye.) That, in itself, I think warrants the move up to the perfect 10 rating. ... I guess this pretty much means that I'll have to give Super Mario Kart a 10 as well. I guess we'll see when I finally get it on Virtual Console. (For those of you who ask "Virtual Console? Why" Read: paragraph 2.)Overall: 10Gameplay: 10Graphics: 10Sound: 10Value: 10Tilt: 10.
I bought Mario Kart 64 for my nephew for his birthday. I played Mario Kart 64 when I was a little and I loved it. My nephew already has Mario Kart DS and he loves it. I figure that he will love this game too. Mario Kart 64 has many different levels in which you can race other Mario characters such as Luigi, Wario, Donkey Kong, Bowser and many others. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes any of the newer Mario Kart games.
This game is an old racing game but heck,its better then half of them out now.With all the crazy weapons,it can keep you goin awile.This game is really worth it if u have a nintendo 64.This is still 1 of my favorite games.
Mario Kart 64 this game is fun you'll play this over and over. My favorite board is Mushroom  level it's easy that's why and you pick up items to used from keeping your opponent from taking the lead. Great buy.
This game was shipped quickly, and was in very good condition.  I have great memories of playing this game when I was young, and now my son and I can make new memories.  Thanks very much!!
My favorite part of this game is the battle mode.  My friend showed me all the tricks he has learned from playing it.  Like where to set traps and other stuff.  The one player mode is fun too.
Mario Kart on the n64 is an extremly well made game. when one person plays the game for the first time the controls are easy and you don't nead to worry about changing gears. After you get better you can move on to harder levels of play. once you beat the game on 150cc (hardest level) you can race al track in mirror mode (all tracks have opposite turns then their original tracks). the ads more replay value because the game in a sence has new tracks. All the tracks are unique and have varied difficulty levels. they are also well designed.The graphics in mario kart are bright simple and full of color. the music in the game is not very good but it does not mater because of the great sound effects provided by the characters.As with all great n64 games this one accells in the multiplayer department. It will appeal to people of all ages. you can choose from 3 different multiplayer modes battle championship single race. The most fun out of all of those is batlle because you go around getting items then try to hit your friends with any item you get. if you hit your'e oponent they'll lose a balloon they have 3 ballons.This is a party game i would recommend over any mario party game and definitly over didy kong racing. this is a classic n64 game no one shoild be without.
I love all the Mario Kart games, this one has some of the coolest tracks.  Yoshi Valley is the best track I've ever played and the graphics are pretty good too.  Small selection of characters (if you've got the one for Gamecube) but still a blast.  Awesome 1 player or multiplayer game, a must have for parties!  Good anytime and that's hard to find.
This mario kart is my favorite of any in the series, and i am so glad i bought it because i have had so much fun.
This game I grew up with and enjoy very much. I have been playing this game since I was 6 or 7 years old and games like these are very hard to come by right now and they cost a pretty penny brand new. What I have is a like new version but unforutantely I lost the manuel and the box is long gone to mine but maybe I will find it one day while I shop around the internet. I love this game and recommend this game to old school video game players and the like.
The price was reasonable, and the game shipped relatively quickly.  Most importantly it works.  What else could you ask for?
Mario Kart is definetly the most classical game ever for racing. But maybe even the most classical game Nintendo has ever made.This game has three different levels. One is data which keeps track of your best time for the particular track and you get three mushroom guys who give you a boost up forward but there are no diamonds to get a specialty like a star or something.(I'll explain about the special items later so you know what there for before you might play the game)In options you can see your data records for each track showing the best lap and the top 5 races in time with the particular racer on it(Not names instead they show. Mario, Peach, Bowser, Wario, Yoshi, Dk, Luigi, and my personal favorite which is Toad) ONLY DO FOR ONE PLAYER!Another one of the things you can do in Mario Kart is do Mario Kart G.P where you compete with all the other racers while picking your own. Before you start the screen will show 4 different brackets which have 4 tracks each and you pick the bracket you want. After each race it'll show the score of each racer in points which goes that if you place 5th through 8th you get no points. 4th gets 1, 3rd gets 3, 2nd gets 6, and 1st gets 9. At the end of the of all the races the top three racers will stand on that olympic where it says 1,2,and 3 ranging as 1 the highest and 3 the lowest. After it shows the three racers om each of their spots it will show a trophy to you in bronze silver or gold and then  your player says something like "YEAH". Oh yeah their are diamonds in this mode.Then their is a single game which you only play one game against the computer or against friends at any course you or your friend wants to play at.Finally which you might've been waiting to hear is about the freaking DIAMONDS. While your racing their will be diamonds around and if you go through one it will show a box showing which specialty you've gotten. The long list of specialties are, one red shell which if you throw at someone within a certain distance they will fly up and back down making you get ahead. Also there's a 3 red shell specialty where it shows three red shells going around your car and it does the same thing as 1 red shell would do. The green shells are totally opposite from the red one it comes in threes and ones and when you throw it will just bounce off the sides of the course back and forth going preety slow but preety much the only way you can hit another player with a green shell is if the racer is almost or is right in front of you. But the bowser shell which you dont get often but if you do get it you can throw it from anywhere and it will get the closest player ahead of you but if your in first place the shell is worthless. Also preety much everybody's favorite specialty is the star where you can go really fast to catch up for about 10 seconds and if your it by anything it'll just back off of you and you will stay up because you can do that the game also lets you knock people over if you headed straight at them and bumped them. Sorry if this is boring but if you want to hear about the game and you will buy it you should listen to the rest. You get bananas in 8's and 1's. Bananas you just drop on the ground and racers might crash into them and start slipping on the floor. The last specialty is ghost where nobody can see you and if a specialty hits you, you will just keep one going.My favorite mode is battle where you have to have 2 or more players. In battle their are 4 different modes. During battle you have 3 ballons with diamonds on the ground when you get hit you lose a ballon and when you have lost all three ballons you become a bomb to go get other players.  As a bomb you cant get any specialties but if you bump in to any racers you will be done as a bomb but that racer will lose a ballon. By the way computers can not play in this mode.This should be enough to know how this game is and I hope that you buy this game because you will probably like it.This game is a classic which I've said before.P.S (...)good bye and have a nice day!
Probably a top three game as far as popularity is concerned on the n64. Just a simple racing game with the original Mario cast, but a game that was a lot of fun. Multiplayer mode was even better as it made for real good fun competition amongst friends. Truly a classic game that is a must for n64 collection.
The original Mario Kart for the SNES was fun, and a good effort for the limited capabilities of the SNES platform. Mario Kart 64 made full use of the N64's 3-D capabilities, making for a very fun and successful game. Up to four players can engage in the game, and the racecourses are as colorful and rich as they are varied. Each character has their own racecourse (Peach's castle, Bowser's castle, Yoshi's canyons, Donkey Kong's jungle, and so on and so forth) plus more that are just fun and varied, like a beach, the desert, snowfields, and the Rainbow Road.You can play against the computer and compete for various cups, and each set of courses has various levels of difficulty. You get cool items to aid your progress on the track (or hinder the progress of others) There is also a VS mode where two to four players can battle against one another. Overall this is a really great game for the Nintendo 64.
I remember I was 6, and I had just gotten a Nintendo 64. At such a young age most of the games out were too complicated for me and I had to find something I could understand. Enter Mario Kart 64. This game is pure and simple, you pick a character and race with seven other famous Nintendo stars in 16 detailed (for N64, anyway) stages. This was one of the N64's first games, so for me it turned the system into a classic which I still play today.This game was much better than Super Mario Kart, and much better than Double Dash. In this game you can choose from 50cc - 150cc (which isn't much), and depending on your speed, this could be very boring, or the ride of your life. I mean seriously, who wouldn't want to speed down Yoshi Valley at 200 mph? For its time in '96, this game was amazing, and I still play it today. I am 15 now, so it has an enormous replay value. And the only stage I dont like is Banshee Boardwalk.If you have a Nintendo 64 (which not many people do), then buy this NOW!
This is one of the best games out for the N64.  The races and tournaments themselves are challenging and extremely fun.  The many characters that you can unlock all have their own abilities and everything else to set them aside.  The tracks are not repetitive and give each race a fresh new layer of fun.Multi-player is an even better experience...Who could imagine that battles with cars and turtle shells would actually be fun?  Well it is fun and will keep you playing for hours on end.  This game will make your friends ask if they can come over and play.  A sure hit with a gamer of any age.
For Nintendo, some of their most popular games have been revised over and over again. In the case of the Nintendo 64, the case has happened to itself too. The 1997 Mario Kart 64 game is no acception. The starting flag proves that the light is worth checking out.In this game, you play any of eight characters in 16 traditional courses and 4 battle zones. Choose from Mario, Yoshi, Wario, Peach, Luigi, Toad, Donkey Kong, and Bowser. The graphics are a bit more intact than the other racing games that came later for the system. Although it might try to drown you out a little bit at a time, when you complete the four racing cups quickly. Luckily, the game truly makes up for it in the Vs. mode, where you are head-to-head n a battle with up to four players in the race.Mario Kart is absolutely worth checking out for the Nintendo 64, despite the fact the Nintendo 64 has no more new games for the system. If you buy it only for yourself, your better off bringing in a partner for the ride.
This is my favorite of the series. My cousin and I used to play it all the time and it is how I remember. Hit detection is a little off.
Like many other people, I absolutely adore racing games and the Mario games.  Then I saw this come out.  It was perfect!  It was a racing game with the characters from the Super Mario series!  I was so excited to play it.  My friends and I played it all night.  It was so addicting.  In fact, I still play this game today.
Mario Kart 64 is an excellent game! I love the graphics, the creators at Nintendo 64 made them very specific. My favorite modes to play in are either Mario GP, because I love racing against the computer, or Battle, because you have to be alert and careful not to run into in obstacles like bananas or shells! I really like the &quot;ghost&quot; so you can see whether or not you beat your previous time with that course. My favorite course is Yoshi Valley because in many areas, there are no walls to keep you from falling, so it's a challenge, and I like the big squasher egg! The one thing that drives me crazy is the fact that the computer can manage to get in front of me while racing without me noticing or even knowing how they did it! Other than that, this is a great game with excellent graphics and fun for the whole family!! I hope you enjoyed my review!!
If you liked Mario Kart for the Super Nintendo, then you will love Mario Kart 64.This is an amazing game. One of the best for the 64. If you have competition around you can take up hours of play time.I have played this game almost as much as I have Golden Eye 64, but not quite as much. If you are looking for a good quality game with a very high replay value then this is a great game to check out.Doesn't matter if you are 10 or 70 you can get into this game. The multi-player makes things a little bit more interesting. The battle mode is the best feature if you have equal level competition.
If you like racing games that are unique, this is for you. You can race by yourself, or with a friend. Not only that, but you can also challenge your friends in battle mode with some really fun arenas. If your more of a solo player like me, don't worry, there are four different tournaments that you can play.You can even use different items either to slow down the other racers, or to help you pass them up. Of course every item has it's own effects, there are a few that are hard to get. That's because they're special, learn how to use them, and the competition will be eating your dust.And last, but far from least, there is a special mode you can unlock for an even bigger challenge. Yeah, this game will keep you busy no matter how you play. It's definately a must-have, order it while you can.
Mario Kart 64 is, without a doubt, one of the best games ever made for the Nintendo 64 (or any other system). Even today, 8 years after its original release, Mario Kart 64 is still amazingly fun. The controls are PERFECT- and I do mean perfect. The first time you go power sliding around a sharp turn, you'll see what I mean. The game is perfectly balanced- each character has strengths and weaknesses. Your skill determines if you come in first- not because you picked the best character. Oh, and I haven't even spoken about the brilliant course design. Every course has shortcuts, and special features, making them truely unique. The placement of the powerups is wonderful. And the multiplayer... Oh the multiplayer! One word: brilliant. Playing with your friends is exciting, competetive, and will have you laughing like crazy. This is what multiplayer gaming is all about. If the game does have one weakness, it is the graphics; being 8 years old, Mario Kart 64 doesn't stack up well against today's crop of games in terms of visuals. But when you're having this much fun with a game, do the graphics matter? No way!! Even if you own the Gamecube version of Mario Kart, you still owe it to yourself to pick up a copy of this timeless classic.
I use to love this game and after purchasing this one I found I still do. The game was of quality and is still working just fine.
Mario Kart 64 is the true 3D Nintendo 64 sequel to Super Mario Kart. Since the characters wouldn't look so great on karts in 3D on the N64, the sprites are in 2D, which explains how they are fully detailed.There are 16 courses you can race in, along with 4 courses for your average Battle Mode.Now that there are 4 players, the 2-4 Player modes can be pretty fun, especially 2-Player since it has all the options from 1-Player Mode.The item roster is slightly different from Super Mario Kart, but it's fun to use them all.Overall, Mario Kart 64 is another game that defines 3D gaming on the Nintendo 64.
I love this game this is the coolest game ever brings back great memories from my childhood playing this game it never gets old to play.
Mario Kart64 is one of the more entertaining video games of all times. It is suitable for all ages and can be enjoyed and mastered by the young and old. 4-player simultaneous play with a selection of 8 classic Mario characters and 4 different difficulties (beat all curcuits in 3rd or better to earn Extra Mode) and 16 levels of play, each level containing it's own unique obstacles and course.
This game is pretty darn easy.  I beat most of the tracks with only a rental.  It's not near as tough as the SNES version.  Heck, the SNES version of Rainbow Road had no walls around the track and the track was thin to boot.  Rainbow Road is a cakewalk on this one.  Wide the whole way with walls all around.  Too darn easy.  However, there is a monster shortcut that's very dangerous to go for if you want to make things interesting.Even though it was too easy, I bought the game anyway.  It's fun to beat the heck out of these computer controlled suckers.  Plus I really like the game's ending.There is one hard level, the one with all of the traffic in the extra mode.  It can be very frustrating if you make a mistake, because you get run over again and again and again.  It usually takes away any hope of recovery.The most significant improvement over the SNES version is the time trial mode.  You can race a ghost of yourself after you've already completed the course.  The ghost is only a recording of your previous performance, but it gives you a lot more motivation to beat your old time, I assure you.I've never been into multiplayer modes, but if you're into that kind of thing, you'll REALLY love this game.  Some multiplayer matches can go on for a LONG time, since the levels are so well-designed.
Anyone who owns a Nintendo 64 and does not own Mario Kart should just throw it away.This is a classic N64 game that's a ton of funeven today where there are games with better graphics.The point of the game is simple: win the race by any means.There are no plot twists, no complicated storylines.It has all the classic Mario characters includingMario, Luigi, Peach, Bowser, Wario, Toad, Yoshi and others.Once you finish everything, there is a bonus optionwhere you can play all levels again but backwards!Seriously, this game is an awesome classicand a great addition to any and all N64 game collections.Overall,5/5.
This has to be one of the best multiplayer games created for the Nintendo 64. This kind of game is great for all ages. I'm 18 years old and my friends and I still, to this day, continue to play Mario kart. It is a perfect racing game that has great sound effects and can keep you entertained for hours. You can play it by yourself, but to get the true experience of this game its best to play it with others. There is really no story line to the game, just a bunch of maps and characters to choose to race with. If you get bored of racing over and over again, there are several mini games, known as battle games, to choose from. Honestly, I like playing the battle games more than I like racing because its fun to take down your friends and family! So, overall I would definitely say get this game if you don't have it! It is a must buy for avid Nintendo 64 users!
this is one of the best star wars / N64 games they have made i say if you have a N64 get this GAME!!! need i say more?
I picked this up in a pack of two other N64 games for five dollars at a used game store. Now usually, those bundle deals have all of the mediocre N64 games in them that no one wants to buy individually. However, Star Wars: Rogue Squadron is easily one of the best N64 games I've ever played.Story: The game appears to take place between A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back in the Star Wars universe. You're Luke Skywalker, the original trilogy's protagonist and a fighter pilot for the Rebel Alliance. You'll help people with vital intelligence defect from the Empire, protect Rebel-allied cities, and of course fight the Empire!Gameplay: Unfortunately, you never get to wield a light saber or anything. That's not what this game is about. It's a space-shooter. You travel to different planets in your X-wing or  one of the other Rebel spaceships and do missions.Sound: There may be an N64 game with more audio than Rogue Squadron, but I've never played it, if so (and I've played entirely too many of them :P). There's so much voice-acting. There's lengthy descriptions of every ship in the Rebel Fleet, backstories for Rogue Squadron's fighter pilots, and of course in-level communication between the pilots.Graphics: It's a very nice job by Factor 5, here. Of course it looks dated by now, but in the grand scheme of things, I'd say it's aged pretty gracefully. Make sure you have an expansion pack for your system to get the full effect.Replay Value: You get medals for doing well enough in every stage. I'm told that if you get medals in every stage, you can unlock secret missions like the Battle of Hoth from Empire Strikes back and the Death Star run. If that's not incentive to beat this game 100%, what is?It's clearly a classic N64 game, worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as Goldeneye64 and Ocarina of Time. I'd only that having a decent N64 analog helps.. a lot. If your controller's analog is dying due to wear and tear, you'll have a hard time towards the end of the game.
I have got to be honest even if it means sacking my reputation. I have never played a game so much before in my life. I only own the N64 still for this game, I have thrown out all others. This game brings such a Movie like experience along with great missions, craft, and imperial action that I have never seen anything to its likeness. You have got to get this game under all circumstances if you are a Star Wars fan.
Originally playing Rogue Leader (Star Wars: Rogue Squadron 2), it's great to get back to the keystone that started the whole franchise. While not allowing for some of the more advanced gameplay from future games, this product is and was fantastic for the age of N64 era gaming. A much needed classic to add to the collection for sure.
For the N64 this game is really fun, graphics are amazing, sound quality is alright. If you love flight simulation games then this is definitely for you. You are Luke Skywalker flying around on various fun missions. There are tons of unlockable cheats that can be added for a better fun-filled experience. Get the expansion pack-- which is cheap nowadays.
This has to be one of the best Star Wars games ever made. It's on par with Jedi Knight/Dark Forces 2 and Knights of the Old Republic. It's one of the first games to nail the dog fights from the 1st Star Wars films. The controls are great and it's easy to get used to. It shows off planets that are both new and familer from the films like Hoth. If your a Star Wars nut like me, get it!!!
Well, I'm going to have to agree with Darth Vader on the strong part. But as for the force part, I'm nonchalant. Star Wars Rogue Squadron begins somewhere in between Star Wars Episode IV and Episode VI. Let me just say, you'll be visiting place in the Star Wars universe, and doing missions that have no bearings to the movies, which is good with me. The graphics in the game are some of the best you'll ever see on the N64. The music and the atmosophere of the game are very well done. This is, I would say, the best Star Wars Rogue Squadron game ever made! Oh, and by the way, yes I have played Star Wars Rogue Squadron: Rogue Leader. I fully recommend this game! And thats my review! Remember, "Be a customer. Not a consumer! Period"- Jake Smithers.
This game is great for Star Wars fans! There are eleven single missions, but there are three bonus missions too. The first is a race on Tatooine where you fly a T-16 Skyhopper in a race against three of your squadron mates! The second is the Death Star Trench Run which the developers, in my opinion over did, because the trence is HUGE and it has to many turns. The best bonus level is the Battle of Hoth. The graphics and music are superd just like every other Lucasarts and Factor Five 5 game! Their are also secret vehicles. You can pilot the Naboo Starfighter by using a secret code (go to Lucasarts website!) the Millunium Falcon and the TIE Interceptor can be earned when you complete the game by getting all the gold medals. It doesn't take long to beat this game if your good at games like this, but ot does offer a pretty good challenge. Now go join the Rebellion and vaporize those TIE Fighters.
THANK YOU FOR THIS GAME,MY NEPHEWS KEEP PLAYING THIS GAME, THEY SAY THAT IT IS SO MUCH FUN, THEY KEEP FIGHTING TO SEE WHO IS GOING TO WIN THE GAME. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
Rogue Squadron.  Every Star Wars fan knows the elite starfighter group of pilots.  Now you get the opportunity to experience what it feels like to hop into the cockpit of an X-Wing,Y-Wing,A-Wing, V-Wing, Millenium Falcon, T.I.E. Interceptor, and the Naboo Starfighter.  As you fly through over 15 missions, ranging from Tatooine to Mon Calamari, you'll earn ranks in the squardron&lt;the highest I've gotten is Gold Leader&gt;.  With each mission you complete, you'll earn a medal&lt;bronze, silver or gold&gt;and be promoted.  Do you have what it takes to buy this game, and prove you've got what it takes to be a top fighter pilot?
star wars rogue squadron is hands down the best n64 game ever made get this game even if you're not a star wars fan you wont regret it.
I loved this game when I first played it (I still play it even today) the graphics where awsome, the sound was cool, the levels where all kinds of stratageys and the expansion pack worked great with it. The cheats to fly the falcon, tie fighters, naboo fighter ect all made the game even better. There is even a secret little mini game where you can control a Chicken Walker (AT-ST) and shoot up some droids and buildings in a small space.The only downfall is there is no way to get unlimited heat seeker rockets, so you have to turn on your unlimited lives cheat and keep commiting suicide to get more of those rockets to win within the selected times to get the gold medal to become a Jedi. And there is no nice video's to watch when you finally clock the game. It just shows a quick shot of the ships flying away and then the credits roll... it would be nice to have had a video type of thing like all through the game.Apart from that, this game rocked.. my the Shwartz be with you.
When the N64 system first kicked off, one of its first titles was "Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire".  "Shadows..." was a very entertaining version of novel it was based on.  It had challenging, yet rewarding, levels and overall solid gameplay.  However, it had two marks against it.  The first was that graphics had not fully realized the potential of the N64 and resembled SuperNES games on certain boards.  The second is that, except for the sheer enjoyment of the playing the game again, "Shadows..." lacks any real replay value.  The introduction of "Star Wars: Rogue Squadron" (based on a series of very successful novels) to the N64 environment corrected these problems and set a whole new standard for action/adventure games on ANY platform."Rogue Squadron" focuses on the missions of the famed Rogue Squadron, thought to be the most dangerous and lethal fighter pilot unit in the entire galaxy.  Led by the legendary Wedge Antilles, the squadron fights 16 regular missions (and 3 bonus missions) ranging from defending the homestead on the deserts of Tatooine to rescuing prisoners from the spice mines of Kessel to battling the terrifying 'World Devastators' on Mon Calamari.  That just barely scratches the surface of the exotic locales where missions take place.  The graphic environment is much more advanced this time around.  No more static matte backgrounds.  Everything is fluid and moves with the player.  The gameplay has also been enhanced.  Greater control is afforded to the joystick button on the control pad when it comes to manipulating the ships.  Overall, it makes for a spectacular gaming experience."Rogue Squadron" also adds a new twist that dramatically enhances its replay ability.  It awards medals (bronze, silver, gold) for defeating a level with increasing degrees of efficiency.  Achieving all of a certain kind of medal on all the regular missions also unlocks bonus missions.  This creates a greater challenge and a greater sense of accomplishment once the challenge has been met.There is only one minor quibble about "Rogue Squadron".  In the game designers' quest to make a very demanding game, they make some of the levels almost too hard to defeat even with the highest level of skill.  The most glaring example of this is the level 'Raid on Sullust'.  Flying as a (supposedly) heavily armored Y-Wing, one is supposed to be able to fly skillfully and defeat the mission.  However, the board is heavily populated with missile turrets that defend each of the 12-15 targets that must be hit.  With skillful flying, it may be possible to knockout 3 or 4 of those targets and corresponding guns and turrets before dying, but on the life, it's likely the next ship could be destroyed in less than 10 seconds.  With only 3 ships per mission, it's impossible to defeat that mission without using the 'unlimited lives' cheat code (which will NOT be revealed here).  However, there's no shame in using that code, and it is necessary if one intends to achieve the silver or gold medals.  So, it's a minor annoyance."Rogue Squadron" raised the bar to an exceptionally high level for action/adventure games that other platforms have repeatedly shown a failure to meet.  Nintendo still gets it, though, as it followed this game with the even more successful "Rogue Leader" for GameCube.  "Rogue Squadron" is a must have for any serious gamer's library.
If I had to pick one word to describe this game it would be amazing.  &quot;Rogue Squadron&quot; pushes the N64 to it's maximum power graphically, which can be further enhanced by an expansion pack (I strongly recommend going with one it makes the game run smoother).  The gameplay couldn't be more entertaining, I often wonder how my little Nintendo 64 is able to handle all that this game has to offer.  The missions you fly in this game vary from escorting ground troops into combat all the way to launching full foward attacks on monstrous Imperial ships.  The AI is pretty strong depending on the difficulty level, but when it comes to your own wingmen helping you out just forget it.  Environments in this game are incredible for a Nintendo 64 game and I give the designers alot of credit for putting so much work into them.  Can't get you're hands on the new Rogue Squadron &quot;Rogue Leader&quot; for Gamecube? Pick this up to satisfy youre urge, if you do own Rogue Leader or even don't plan on getting it, pick this title up anyways for a hell of a gaming experience.
LucasArts has really outdone itself with this great N64 game.  After Shadows of the Empire was released, it quickly became obvious that the best level in the game was the first level, where you are flying a Rebel Airspeeder during the Battle of Hoth.  LA decided to make a whole game using a similar concept, and Rogue Squadron was born.  You play as Luke Skywalker, leader of Rogue Squadron, a group of elite rebel pilots who roam the galaxy, making life difficult for the Empire and its minions.  You play through 16 basic missions, which together form a loose plot chronicling the adventures of Rogue Squadron during the time between the destruction of the first Death Star and The Empire Strikes Back.  The missions range from simple search-and-destroy missions, to escorting supply trains, to freeing rebel soldiers from Imperial prison facilities.  Along the way, you must learn to handle a variety of rebel craft, from the X-Wing to the Airspeeder.  Each craft has its own strengths and weaknesses, plus each craft has a special weapon, which means that you are required to use each craft on certain missions.  After you complete each mission, you may be awarded a bronze, silver, or gold medal based on your performance.  After completing a mission, you can move on to the next one, or else go back and try again to get a better score.  The game gives you a score summary after each mission, so you know right away which areaas you need to improve upon to get the gold.The look and feel of the game is excellent.  The graphics are superb, and the Expansion Pak boosts them to cinematic levels.  The sound is also excellent for a non-CD game, although the chatter from your squadron mates does get a little repetitive.  The game is contained within a 3D environment, giving the game a flight simulator-like feel.  The controls are pretty easy to get used to, though this DOES take a little practice.  Fortunately, the first couple of missions are pretty easy, so you get a good chance to get familiar with the controls.  The controls are the same for each ship, so you don't have to switch back and forth.As stated before, the first couple of missions are pretty simple and easy.  But, starting with about the fourth mission, they start to get REALLY tough, with multitudes of TIE fighters, missile turrets, and gun emplacements all doing their best to shoot you down.  Expect to die many times before mastering each mission.  Getting the gold medal on all 16 missions will definitely take a while.The game has a lot of nice bonus features as well.  As you complete missions and earn higher medals, three bonus missions will appear, plus you will gain access to new ships, including the Millenium Falcon and a captured Imperial TIE Interceptor.  There is also a passcode screen, allowing you to enter codes to unlock all sorts of interesting options, including a fourth bonus level and the Naboo Starfighter.  There is even a code to allow you to fly a Buick sedan against the Empire!  The codes themselves are pretty easy to get.  There are several sites on the Internet that have them.It's easy to get immersed in the 3D environment of this game.  Many's the time I've found myself leaning over to the left or right as I put my X-Wing through a tight turn.  For those who like flight simulator-type games, I would say that this is the best FS game on the N64.  It's a bit dated now, what with the impending release of Rogue Squadron II for the GameCube, but for those N64 fans out there, this one is a must-have.
Ocarina of Time is the best video game of the last 100 years.If you have never played it, your missing out. Plus, you are a tool.
The first Zelda game for the 64, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of time won game of the year for 1999.  As Link, your quest to save the tri-force from the evil Ganondorf will take you all over Hyrule, not only in the present, but also the future with the help of the Ocarina of time.  If you like the Zelda series, this game is definently for you (or even if you just like to save the world in your spare time:]).
I love this game.  I love this game.  I love this game.  I just got Ocarina of Time and it's been a few years since it has come out - it still rocks even in comparison to what's out now.  I've had a Playstation 2 for a couple of years and have had a good game here and there, but after playing Ocarina of Time, I realize that I had forgotten the beauty of Nintendo games.  They just have a special feel to them (and they make me remember the years that I was a little tike playing old Nintendo games).  I just beat the game about 5 minutes ago.  I certainly won't spoil anything, but I will tell you that the ending is over 30 seconds long and is something worth playing through the game to see...  A video game hasn't brought me this level of satisfaction in a while.  Bravo Nintendo, bravo.
I just bought this game a few weeks ago,and it's awesome. It just has that "This is going to be an epic game" from the get go. It has great graphics,even to this day.First of all,this is an Action Adventure,not a RPG/Role Playing Game.Next,I recommend buying the Strategy Guide. This game is what gamers call "Nintendo Hard". It's a challenging game,with quite a number of puzzle parts.Anyway,buy it if you have a 64,or Virtual Console it if you have a Wii.
This game is blew me away! I didn't expect Ocarina to meet with my standards after playing the previous Zelda games.  They usually go stale and predictable, but Ocarina didn't do that.  It's a game for true fans of the adventure genre!  The dungeons are long and perilous, there are numerous side-quests, a great cast of characters, and a large world to travel!  If you have any doubts about this game, eliminate them.  You won't be dissapointed!
This could be the best game of all time. What else needs to be said? If you haven't played this game before and still have a working N64 you need to pickup this game. If you haven't played the game you can also find it on the Wii Virtual Console and an upcoming remake for 3DS.
I'm what gamers call a "Zelda Veteran" , I've played almost ALL of the Zelda games and managed to beat only one: this one.  I love the Zelda games because they are challenging, different and fun to play.In this one, Link lives in a forest with the forest folk.  Link is soon inside the Deku Tree to defeat the evil monsters that moved into the tree.  After a battle with the queen spider, the Deku Tree sadly dies and tells Link to find Zelda, the Princess of Hyrule.Hyrule is a kingdom that's always in trouble, and its up to Link to save the land from a terrible enemy.  Link has the help of Navi, a fairy that gives you advice or tells you what you should do next.During his adventures, Link will learn spells, be swallowed by a huge fish, and saving the land from the evil Ganondorf.  This game is a classic and worth the money.
For all those of you that have followed the lineage of Zelda from its early days on the classic 8-bit system, and onward to its SNES days with &quot;A Link to the Past&quot; (great game), and loved every second of it, then you have to buy this game! For those of you that have never played any other Zelda game, what are you waiting for? Now is a great time to start.Ocarina of Time is amazing. All the elements of classic Zelda are there - dozens of powerful items and weapons, lots of secrets to find, at least 10 new 3D-rendered challenging dungeons, plenty of secrets and side-games, and something that all the other Zelda's never had: a truly great story!If you enjoyed &quot;A Link to the Past&quot; you will most certainly like this game as well. The story of Ocarina of Time involves going back and forth in time, between a happy peaceful Hyrule, and a dark evil one, much like ALTTP; but don't think this is a rip-off on its predecessor. The complex dungeons, challenging bosses, and deepening story lines will blow you away. The 3D element of the game also adds so much more that was never possible before. Even the music is catchy and well orchestrated. (I actually downloaded the mp3 soundtrack online!)The gameplay is a little tough to get used to - afterall, you've never played Zelda in 3D before - so you actually have to consider things sneaking up behind you, and flying overhead! But once you get used to the controls and learn to use the &quot;Z-Targeting&quot; feature (using the trigger button will solve just about any control problem you may encounter), the gameplay gets easier.The only thing that annoyed me was Navi, a little fairy that travels with Link throughout the game. She is always bugging you to give you painfully obvious information. I suppose she is a helpful guide for younger or more inexperienced players, but I found her annoying. But once you come to realize that Navi is an important aspect of the game's control, you will let it slide.I would recommend this game to anyone who owns an N64 console, and even more so if you enjoyed SNES's &quot;A Link to the Past.&quot; I can't wait to play the sequel when it comes out.
Really though, could an old, out dated game still be awesome 4 years later?  The answer is yes, because this game is just too good.  It gives you a complete story on Hyrule and the Triforce, not to mention the best video game music ever (especially the boss music).  Being able to play as young link and adult link in two similar, yet in a way completely different worlds as one would find out sooner or later.  The graphics are still, and when this was released, it was the best game graphicwise as well.  The bosses are easy, yet in a way challenging, and the dungeons and temples are amazingly designed.  However, there are two faults, one minor, one somewhat major.-Link is missing the strap on his frontside that holds his sword case thingy!  Well, it just kinda looks odd.-The &quot;final boss&quot; is far too easy...but don't be too sure of that...
Before I played this game, the only other Zelda game that I had ever played was Link to the Past, and I couldn't understand it that well.  I decided to play this because of the hype.  I was sure glad I did.  This is one of the best games ever!  It's full of adventure, it has a wonderful story, and it is challenging.  It begins with Link, a 10-year-old Kokiri (child of the forest) who is chosen to save Hyrule, his home world.  Along the way, you meet new friends, such as Princess Zelda, and grow into a 17-year-old adult to fight the evil Ganondorf!  You have many different weapons, spells, and items at your disposal, including swords, bows, and a giant hammer.  The fun never stops and the story never goes flat.  If you want a grand adventure, buy this game.  If you like this, play The Legend Of Zelda: Majora's Mask, but wait until you finish this game.
Very fun game to play, and has an excellent story line to play. Lots of different equipment to use, and the game isn't overly difficult to beat.
I'll make it short...I hope.I'm not particular a fantasy lover, I never read Tolkien's Lord of the Ring, I hate the Lord of the ring-movies and was insulted by the numerous Oscars the film(s) received.I despise the Star Wars movies, especially The Return of the Jedi, which has that peculiar fantasy-feel in it.Blahdieblahblah.Now, with games it's a different story, I don't know why, but I'm much more forgiving and willing to accept a world where fairies, gnomes and other creatures excist.The Ocarina of time is one of few artistic highlights I encountered in my life...it's almost ridiculous when I think about what I've just wrote, what about literature, art and cinema?This game moved me so much...am I a geek?...there's so much depth in this piece of ...art.It isn't the story (alone), c'mon let's be honest, it's an average fantasy tale, if made into a movie I'd fall asleep after 10 minutes.I think it's all the pieces put together: a beautiful crafted world, the progress when playing - from a child into a young man -, the challenges you'll face and overcome, the music that playes a big role in the game, the use of time: day and night, future and past etc. etc.It grabs you and most important: it's interactive (duh) for it's a game, you're not watching a crap fantasy movie, but playing the hero all by yourself, when he looses, you loose etc.I played a lot of games in my life, including many new(er) titles as Halo, GTA, Metroid Prime etc etc and I didn't yet played a game that matched the sheer brilliance of The Legend of Zelda - The Ocarina Of Time.Best game ever (so far).
I was worried about getting this but I did anyways because I have been after it for a long time. I was worried because it was Used-Acceptable but it has played great so far (though I haven't gotten very far yet) So so far I am so glad I went ahead and ordered it.
I have played all the other Zelda Series Games and this is the best.  I first heard of this game when I borrowed it from a friend.  I played it nonstop, until I beat the game.  The only hard part about it is the dreaded Water Temple.  It is the only actual hard one, but don't get me wrong the rest of the dungeons are equally difficult.  Even the first level is as difficult because you have only your sword, shield and wits.  But as you progress you gain pieces of hearts, weapons, swords, shields, and other tools.  The graphics are really cool, the sound could be just a tad better, and the fun is the best.  The only bad part is you can't unfreeze Zora's Domain and get the Triforce, or Miyamoto says.  Well if you liked the other Zelda games, this is a must have.  If you never have played a Zelda game get a life!
Quite possibly, if you don't know why then you haven't played many videogames ;-).
In its tenure, the N64 had its share of bad games. With exceptions like Super Mario 64, the THQ wrestling games and a few others, it seemed like the bad outweighed the good. But with 'Ocarina of Time', the balance took a drastic shift as n64 was given its best overall game.'Ocarina of TIme' has many strong points for itself. For one, the player is given a very challenging and extremely satisfying quest to undertake. The game plays across a vast world with different subsections, each with their own particular themes. The gameplay is easy to get used to and becomes second nature as you play through the game. Graphics and sounds are done extremely well, considering the cartridge space allowed.There is not much to complain about, as this game really showed players what the N64 was capable of. It's unfortunate that other game publishers didn't work this hard. But then again, &quot;Ocarina&quot; is a tough act to follow.
This is one of the best and my personal favorites from the Zelda franchise! The story was fantastic, the gameplay was amazing for the time, even compared to todays gaming this game showed less problems or glitches.There was hardly any serious problems with this game. The playtime was a very good length and it offered a some side quests to do. Each dungeon was well constructed and were not something you walk in and leave unhappy. Some parts were frustrating sure but when is a game just so easy and you feel happy beating it?Puzzles in this game were I suppose challenging for  child but they were not impossible. This is a great game for all ages and a great buy as well.
This game is defently one of my top favorite games! I dont have it but i've rented it and it is cool. Your constantly under presure and near the end it feels like theres no where to go! In this game you shoot arrows,fight theifs,get a horse,venture in caves and much more challenges like deafeating the power hungry sorcerer Gannondorf! deffently 5 stars. Im planing on buying this game today.
This Zelda game is simply amazing! The Wind Waker sucked and Four Swords was OK, but this game rocks! The main plot was spectacular and the gameplay was great! I first played the game after getting Collector's Edition for Christmas, and I was addicted to it. The main plot throughout the whole game is that Link(as a kid) must collect 3 Spiritual stones and open the Door of Time, along with the Ocarina of Time. As an adult, Link must awaken the 5 sages and fight to destroy the evil Ganondorf and rescue Zelda. I have beaten the game 6 times it was so good! I highly recommend it to big Zelda fans. NOTE: This game has a sequel called Majora's Mask, but it's not near as good in my opinion.
What else is there to say? This is the best game I have every played. Totally worth a replay. The game was in great condition and got to me quickly.
THE BEST N64 GAME. It's easy, difficult to totally master, and is fun to play again and again. The bosses are creative and original, and the dungeons are fun and easy. Storyline is pretty good, better than the &quot;save the princess&quot; generalization it's often given. The characters are a quiet hero of time, an eternally youthful forest girl, a wild rock man from the firey Death Mountain, a rebellious fish woman, a determined royal guard, a sexy thief, the &quot;princess&quot;, and of coure, Ganon the bad guy.
Love this game. Although the graphics aren't the best since it's N64 and earlier on.... I enjoy everything about it (still keeping in mind the limitations of the time such as the 'invisible walls' and oddly prism shaped bottles etc). The story is well done and unlike other Zelda games, all of the items are used. There were some early on copies with a song/chanting in the fire temple that got taken out in later copies because some people got offended by that and the mirror shield (I have one such copy) but even with that in mind, it's still an amazing game with great music and it sort of ties all of the zelda games together like a central hub. It all comes down to this game.... definitely worth your time to play.
What can I possibly say about this game that hasn't been said a million times.Perfection.Groundbreaking.Beautiful.Just some of the words that come to mind when I think of Zelda 64.Zelda was my introduction to RPG's and what an introduction it was.The good.Everything.Graphics, story, pacing, etc...Insanely difficult in parts, I still can't beat the water temple without the walk through.And Ganon in the painting still has to be one of the coolest boss battles of all time.The bad?Nothing.One of the games that not only defined the N64 but a game that set the standard for excellence in RPG's.One of the best...ever.Highest recommendations.
What can I say about this game? I bought it to replace one that was stolen when I was a kid. It's great to hear those classic sound effects and that legendary music. EPIC.
This game is the best game on my n64 next to nightmare creatures, this game feels like final fantasy, with Kingdom hearts it was the best selling game on the n64. If you still have one you should pick this one up.
It's ocarina of time. I just wanted to get it for my fiancee for christmas because she loves the game.
What can be said about Ocarina of Time? I still remember that commercial from the late 90s. It told us that a "dark time is approaching." My interest was piqued. Then I realized it was a Zelda game. As a huge fan of A Link to the Past, I thought "ZOMG that looks awesome! I need to get this more than I've ever needed to get anything!" I remember reading about it in GamePro and obviously being interested, but that commercial sealed the deal. I knew I had to have Ocarina of Time, and that Christmas, my mom got it for me. Cheers!A lot has been said about OoT over the years. It has been referred to as the "Best Game of All Time" by some, and the "Most Overrated Game of All Time" by others. I'm not really in either camp, but I lean closer to the former group, I suppose. If you haven't played it yet, you should. It's out on a variety of platforms and there's even remake of it with better graphics, but I would still recommend the N64 version if you want the same experience people had back in the 90s when OoT was THE GAME you needed to play.Story:You are Link. The Great Deku Tree, guardian of the forest in which you live, has summoned you. It's revealed that you must visit a far off castle and meet a "Princess of Destiny," and doing so brings you square into a struggle for the fate of Hyrule -- nay, the world -- itself.Gameplay:To complete your quest and save Hyrule, you must boldly enter into many dungeons which are filled with fierce skeletal warriors, human-sized spiders, horrible ghosts, and... immobile venus fly traps! Completing a dungeon gives you an item for the main quest, and completing all of the dungeons will allow you to face the final boss. There's much more to it that, but I'm trying not to spoil storyline specifics for those who haven't played it.Hyrule is a vast world. One of your in-game guides tells you that "You can go wherever you want." That's true, to a point. There's a lot of exploration in Ocarina of Time. The game is always trying to point you toward a certain place, but whether or not you go there is often up to you. In an interactive world such as Hyrule, you can do many things. Why go see what's on Death Mountain when you could pour water into all of the soil patches in Hyrule? Or why go play the Shadow Temple -- which does not have any attractive Gerudo women -- when you could go to the Spirit Temple, which does? The exploration is one of OoT's best features, and it's probably better than any Zelda which came after it.Controls:They work well enough. You don't have the full on camera control that some of the later Zelda games give you, but personally, I never found it all that essential to the process.Ocarina of Time introduced a "Z-targeting system" for aiming at enemies and talking to non-playable characters. What you do is get near an enemy/NPC, press or hold Z, and then press a button to talk to them/attack them. The system pretty intuitive and well made, so much so that its successors have yet to really improve upon it.Music:*90s gripe* Where is the classic Zelda overworld theme? Oh, we can hear it for like five seconds in the Hyrule Field theme? ARE YOU SERIOUS? But seriously, the music is pretty good. The Hyrule Field theme which I just mentioned is a good theme. The music does a good job of fitting the areas which you visit, for the most part.Some later Zelda games use too much ambient music in the dungeons. OoT is guilty of this too, but only to a small degree. Apart from the Water Temple's melody, there's nothing that makes me want to relax and do some meditation or whatever while hearing it. :POh, and I'm sad to report that the "OoT Commercial Music" is not in this game... :(Replay Value:It's pretty massive. You can do some Temples in different orders than you did your first time through, or you can use different items to progress through the Temples. I summed it up in a sentence, but there's hundreds of hours of replay potential there in just finding all of OoT's possible variations.Like in the original Legend of Zelda, you can do the "Three Heart Challenge," which means you can complete the game without any of the health upgrades from beating a dungeon. Essentially, that's playing Hard Mode (although it isn't really that hard).But if the Three Heart Challenge wasn't enough, OoT lets you tack on additional stipulations to make replaying it even harder! There are technically unnecessary items which let you breathe underwater and resist intense heat. Not getting them limits the amount of time you can spend in relevant areas. On top of all that, you could even as far to skip the health upgrades which halve your damage.______If you call yourself a gamer and have not played Ocarina of Time, what are you? Some undercover non-gamer sent in to infiltrate us!? Go play it now!
this is a game that is perfect it is so fun to play at times when the sun gos down u can do a lot of stuff in this game its very cool its got 20 hole hours of this game there are good ponits in this game very nice game GREAT MUSIC better then zelda 2 for the n64 this game has much more to have even if u think u have gotton all moneys and more u have much more for this game it is a must have n64 game lovers u will want this MASTER GAME for your system.
One of the best video games ever.Redefined everything after it.My copy came in very good condition without scratches or writing.
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of time is the best zelda game there is! You go from being a kid, to being an adult! Link must beat five temples as an adult, the forest temple, the fire temple, the water temple, the shadow temple, and the spirit temple. The bosses are awsome, and all the characters are cool!
Reading magazines from 1996-1998 one thing you couldn't escape was a some kind of mention of Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. It was all over the place. Popping this in my N64 when I took it home I spent literally 2 hours just exploring Kokiri Village just cause it was so fun. But then I realized &quot;oh yeah there's more to this, isn't there?&quot; And that's when the fun started.Graphics: Although you can probably debate this, this has one of the best graphics you'll find on the system. Lot of areas just drop that &quot;wow factor&quot;, like when you first enter Zora's Domain or the game's many cutscenes.Sound: Although there's no voice, except for Navi's annoying &quot;Hey!&quot; and an occasional &quot;Hello&quot; from her or Link's grunts, it's got some awesome music. One thing I love is the short ocarina songs you play, such as Song of Storms, Zelda's Lullaby and Song of Time, plus general area music. Although the overworld music isn't like what it was on Link to the Past, it's still great.Story: The story starts off with Link having a bad dream about a mysterious man and woman. Then Link is summoned to the Great Deku Tree where he fills Link in on his quest and it goes from there. Even though it can be a quite simple story, it's just a huge epic story that kept me interested.Gameplay: The infamous Z-Targeting system that's spawned several developers to use it in their own games. The recent Star Fox Adventures uses this. Your C-Buttons are for your weapons. B is your sword and A is your action button(Talk, Jump, Climb,etc.). You'll know this system by heart cause Navi tells you how many times about it within the first hour. Camera is excellent and the Z targeting helps.Even though you might be able to find this, I suggest you pick it up. Dust off your N64 and dive into what is one of the 90's most critically acclaimed and commercial masterpieces ever.
This is by far the best Zelda installment yet. Much more fun than Majora's Mask, mainly because you can freely explore the world of Hyrule. (see review of Majora's Mask)This game can be fun for anyone.
I confess- i've never played a single Zelda game before this- cause i wasn't into RPG games, but i'm so glad i never gave this a miss. One day, i  just felt like playing this game and i bought it and it's terrific, no  maybe better than terrific, it's too good to be true.I spent 4 good  months playing this game and i finally beat it recently but that hasn't  stopped me from planning round 2 and buying the brady guidebook to find all  the secrets.This game is also filled with charatcer interaction and  drama. I think you can read Amazon's review for the storyline and i'll just  encourage you to buy this game if you haven't.It's a player's choice  game and coming from Nintendo- i am not surprised it's this good. I'm gonna  get Majora's mask when it comes out this winter and i hope to see this game  on the Dolphin.If you are hooked and want to relive the magic- go get an  old NES or SNES from your cousins or someone and buy the previous Zelda  games and you'll see why Zelda's a classic.Like Mario, Zelda has a huge  following and blah blah...i don't need to elaborate on the game's success  anymore.As far as fun/gameplay/story/graphics/sound/replay is concerned,  it's a safe bet to say that i will give every category at least 9.5 out of  10.I'll only give it a 10 when they put in FMV and put to rest once and  for all, that Zelda is the definitive standard-RPG and action-RPG and not  Final Fantasy. Sorry guys, i had to say it- it's true.Now if only  Majora's Mask would arrive sooner...oh i can't wait!
The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time is a definite Classic. I've owned this game for a good 6 years and it's just extraordinary and fun, but at the same time educational. In this game you must do alot of thinking and find out where the secrets are. So in other words, it's a magical adventure game.The graphics are actually good (for it's time) and the gameplay is easy to get used to. The controls are also simple and the whole storyline is just well thought out and I can definitely tell that they put alot of time into this game. In my opinion it's the best Zelda game so far.Now I will tell you the beginning of the Story so you can even feel more excited about getting this game.As a young baby boy, your mother was killed by an evil person. Now you have no home and have to move to a place called the Kokiri Forest. This is a place where people never grow up and aren't allowed to leave the forest. They're called the Kokiri. But you're different. You really don't belong in this forest, instead you belong out in a world called Hyrule. You're a Hylian (normal people who actually grow up). You're out there to defeat Ganondorf. Ganondorf, most likely the person who killed your mother, is a strong and evil person who wants to take over Hyrule and become the King. The only person that can stop him is you (Link). Now the question is, will you be able to defeat the mean and evil Ganondorf and save the world of Hyrule?If you think (or know) you can take that responsibility, then I suggest that you buy this game along with the N64 (if you don't have one) and experience something very special. Like I said, it's a definite Classic and will keep you entertained for hours on end! You won't regret it!Thank you for reading and I hope I was helpful enough.
I've beaten the game 20 times and I'm still not bored of playing it. If you haven't played this game then PLAY IT!!!!!!! you wont be sorry you did. This is much better than all the other FINAL FANTASY and rpg crap out there.
This is one of the best games I have ever played.  Even shooting the arrows is fun, you can actually use your shield to block getting hit.  Just incredible.  The only bad thing I can possibly say is you almost have to buy the strategy guide or else you will likely get stuck on some levels.  There are a few dungeons that I could not find my way out of without buying the guide.  But overall great game!!
Zelda: OOT is centered around a massive, circular field called Hyrule. Around this field are pathways which lead off to various different locations such as dungeons, castles, villages, volcanoes, etc... Each path will lead to usually one destination like a castle, and once explored, you travel back across Hyrule field and visist another pathway which leads to a different location. This makes areas more accessible, and it makes backtracking as less tedius as possible, due to the fact that you're not endessly travelling through pre-explored ares. Backtracking is an important feature of OOT, due to the fact that when you progress through the game you aquire objects which give you the ability to explore areas more thoroughly ... bombs for instance blow up walls that hide secret paths. Hockshots give you the ability to ascend to higher ledges. The Ocarina of Time opens secret doors. Thus, pre explored areas which you thought were unimportant can in fact conceal the most important instruments and dungeons in the game. This is compounded, when at one point in the game you aquire the Master Sword. This is a special sword which, upon claiming, makes you and the world age by seven years, and by doing the reverse, putting the sword back in it's mold, makes you and the world 7 years younger. The good thing about this is that the past and future are profoundly different. The future is controlled by evil, whereas the past is controled by good. Needless to say, your mission in the game is to liberate peice by peice the future world from the evil Ganondolf. However, in order to do so you must travel back and forth in time creating situations which will have an impact on the future world.A main part of this game is the ocarina of time. Depending on what tune you play, the ocarina will turn night in to day, make it rain, open secret doors, or make blocks disappear, amoung other things.  This adds an important layer to the game, for you have to use your brain in order to work out which song is necessary to progress. For instance, after spending hours wondering what to do, the idea could suddenly hit you, "Should I play Zelda's Lullaby in front of the waterfall?" If successful, the waterfall will stop and a passageway will display itself, thus giving you a tremendous satisfied feeling. The actual songs you learn in the game are some of the best songs in computer game history. In fact, only Computer World by Kraftswerk can compare to the greatness of the music in OOT.By the time Zelda: OOT was released the difficulty in games was just perfect. Your heart was racing when you met a worthy adversary, you were fustrated when you died, you were delighted when you succeeded. Fustration and anger are both necessary in games because it's those feelings which make you truly delighted when you succeed...  Unfortunetly, since OOT, games have become so easy that a huge part of the joy in completeting them isn't there anymore.
I have to say this is the absolute best Legend of Zelda so far...  But there is one thing I have to clarify THIS IS NOT THE FIRST LEGEND OF ZELDA!!!  The first came out on the NES and is Great to play....  This one has good control, fun plot, and will get you so wrapped up in it, you'll come screaming back for more.
Whoever hates this game should be shot! This is one of the greatest games ever! It's the best of Link! GameSpot gave it a 10! Anyway, enough prasing it. On to my review...Graphics: 10/10: Looks really good for the time. Big, vast valleys, long mountains, clear water, beautiful guts of Jabu-Jabu...Sound: 10/10: Clash! AHHH! HAHA!  HIYA! Beautiful Ocarina sounds! BOOMM!Music 11/10: Beautiful music. Ocarina songs are deep and moving. Composed beautifully.Gameplay: Infinity/10 Awesome! Go through many dungeons filled with tough enimies and hard puzzles! Talk to people in town! Play many, minigames! Stealth! This is  extremely fun and addictive! Hidden items. You can also find 99 Gold Skullutas! Play an Ocarina! Controls are flawless!One of the greatest games of all time. Don't play it-live it!PS. Why has Amazon combined OOT and MM into one? It's confusing, and it's depleting the rating! Also, Gerry Atrick, the reviewer above me, was that troll review even nesscery? You said to contact you  if anybody knew how to get out of the Deku Tree. Well, 1: Look on a gaming site and 2: How can anybody contact you if they don't know your address. And NO, there isn't a cheat to make Link naked. It's E-rated! Ah well, whaddya expect from a guy from Ireland...
You must own this if you like games. It's spectacular in every way, perfect. It creates a breathing world you care about and love, while having this awesome, deep story and Adventure.
This game has crossed the "I Like You" line. It's just like the old one from NES, although, I know about the dungeons and the weapons because I have the old one. So, it's fun to play for a while until you get to the Water Temple, it gets confusing there. So, use the Player's Guide to cheat, so that you won't get stuck. I played a long time ever since it came out. It was the game that caught my eye and though I had to have the game. I am a Zelda fan and I hope that you have fun playing it as well. I just like to see Link grow up.
The most recent LoZ games, in my opinion, have all been fairly average.  Wind Waker was the latest actually good LoZ game.  But of all the LoZ games, OoT is just plain incredible.In this game, you play as Link as he grows from a child into a young man while on his quest to defeat Ganon and save the world from ultimate, evil rule.  Along the way, you meet many friends and face amazing boss battles.The graphics (at the time) were just incredible.  It really made me enjoy looking at and playing the game.  Nintendo really did a great job in this department.The gameplay is like no other.  One of the few incredible games to utilize the C Buttons for vital controls, this game felt really comfortable to play, and there's tons to do in the game besides just beating it.  Also, throughout the game, you are forced to travel back and forth through time and play as Young or Adult Link to complete the game, which is awe-inspiring in my opinion.  Sadly, after doing little everything, there's no addictive mini-games to really play and not much else to do, but go through the game again and again.The sound is incredible, and the music has never been better.  I found myself turning the volume on the TV all the way up while playing this game, because the sound was that good!If you're an avid gamer, yet you've never played this game, then something's really wrong with you.  Pick this game up and play it 'till your fingers fall off (which I guarantee you'll do).  This game is worth buying and owning for as long as you even are alive.
The best game for the N64. if you are to have 5 games for the system it needs to be Mario 64, Mario Kart, Smash Bros, Banjo Kazooie, and Zelda.
this game is a real gem , treasure it and treat it well it is worth any price.
Wow... What can I say. As I'm writing this review, the popular  consoles right now are ps2, gamecube, and xbox. I have all of those. Yet no game on any of those systems are better than this. This is probably the best zelda ever(I have yet to buy the one for gamecube). Deciding between this and Majora's mask is a tough call, but I think this one gives a little more gametime.How should I begin to describe this game? It's deep, engrossing, and the graphics are spetacular for a N64. Yes the newer games right now definitely have better graphics than this, but this game beats all of them in terms of gameplay, music, and theme. The story is old, but hey, it's a classic formula. Why change it? What would Zelda be without dungeons? This is one of the few 3rd person games I've played with great controls. The z-targeting system can change a traveling mode Link instantly to a combat alert, and maneuverable Link. The music fits the moods perfectly, from the dark shadow temple to the light and cheery music of the lost woods, it's great. Buy it, it's worth your money, and it's probably the best game ever for N64.
The legend of Zelda has always been a series that continually delivers amazing games that are at the top of their class.  The legend of Zelda has always been my favorite video game series of all time since I was little and their games continually suck away hours of my life.  This is the game that made me truly love gaming(Before I just did it for fun).  It also set the stage for other great games such as majoras mask, wind waker, and twilight princess.Gameplay:  If you have played any of the other Zelda games, you will know that you play as Link, a young Kokiry boy who must go out on the adventure of a lifetime to defeat the evil Ganondorf and save Princess Zelda.  The controls are flawless.  You just move the analog stick to make Link move, move forward and press A to roll, press B to use your sword, the C buttons are home to you other weapons such as the bow, hookshot, and the like.  This game introduced the revolutionary lock on system where you just pressed Z, and staid locked on to an enemy, which meant no more aimless sword swinging, it realy made the combat more managable, and much more fun,  Like any Zelda game there is a huge overworld to explore.  You have grassy plains, tall volcanic mountains, serene lakes, sandy deserts, difeerent towns and villages, and lots to do.  The overworld is just enourmes, esspecially for an N64 game.  Hyrule feild stretches in all directions.  One of the great things about traveling is part way through the game, you will get a trusty horse named Epona.  Riding around hyrule feild is just realy addicting.  There are many great minigames to do as well, such as the shooting gallery, bombochu bowling, selling mask, and fishing, yes fishing.  There are also special task to do such as collecting ten special poes(Huge ghost that appear in hyrule feild), or collecting 100 Skulltullas(Spiders of a horrible curse).  The meat and Potatoes is of course the dungeons.  Each dungeon is completley uniqe and different than the last one and shows off alot of great elements.  There are many challenging puzzles that reward you when you figure them out.  You raise and lower water, look for paths that are invisible with the lens of trooth, push giant blocks with the silver gauntlets, use the megaton hammer to push blocks, and much much more.  Each dungeon is just very well crafted that it is hard to beleive that it came out in 1998.  There are many feirce enemies in each dungeon that fight to put an end to your quest such as Stalfos, bats, lizolfos, armos, iron knuckles, jellyfish, tektikes, readeds, skulltullas, and so many more.  The boss battles are each intricitley desighned and completely different than thre last in the way they look and fight.  The boss battle with Ganon at the end is one of my all time favorite final battles ever(only rivald by the fight in twilight princess, and Mother brain).  The difficulty is always just right with the challenges and enemys getting toupher as you go on.  Through the game you get alot of fantastic weapons to use, such as a bow, hookshot, megaton hammer, hovor boots, silver gauntlets, boomerangs, and much more.  Each is always put to good use and none of them ever go absolete and are awlays usefull the whole way through  One of the big mechanics is of course the ocarina itself, you play it manually with the button layout being like the holes in the real thing.  You can change day into night, transport across the world map, and open passage ways with you trusty instrument, and much more.  The biggest suprise is after you get the Master sword and travel forard in time seven years.  Time travel is a huge element in this game as some things you do as a child will effect the things you do as an adult, and vice versa.  there are also different things avalible to do in each time and it is a blast to go between two time periods and it realy makes you feel powerfull.  Nore matter which aspect of the gameplay I am talking about, I cannot find fault anywhere, absolutely perfect.Story:  Hyrule was created by din Nyrule, and Farore, they left behinf the triforce which lies in the Sacerd realm.  Many years later, an Evil Man named Ganondorf seeks the triforce and Places a curse on the deku tree, and does other horible things to many races .  The deku tree tells navi, the fairy that she must awaken Link as he has been having a nightmare about the evil man.  Link goes to get a sword and Sheild, and goes to see the great Deku tree who asks him to rid the curse.  Link succeeds but finds out that he is far to late.  Before dying, the Deku tree tells him the legond of the triforce and gives him the spirituall stone of the forest, the Kokirys emerald, and then tells him to go to hyrule castle to meet nPrincess Zelda.  Link goes to hyrule castle, meets princess Zelda Who tells him of the dreams she has been having about Ganondorf and Ask Link to get the other two stones, Link obliges and gets them but finds that it is to late As princess Zelda and Impa flee hyrule catsle, Zelda throws him the Ocarina of time.  Link then comes face to face with Ganondorf and gets a taste of his power.  Zelda then Telapethacally teaches him the song of time.  Link goes to the Temple of Time and Plays it at the alter where the stones are placed and opens the secret chamber where he finds the Master Sword.  Link being the legendary hero, takes the master sword, but finds that he has fallen into Ganondorfs trap.  He is then seald in time for seven years where he is awakened by the sage of light Rareu.  Link discovers that he is now an Adult.  and instructs him to find and awaken the other sages.  This is where the game gets epic, but I wont spoil anymore fore, suffice it to say it is a great story that is very well told and will keep you wanting to find out what happens next.Graphics:  These graphics were truly groundbraking and ahead of their time back in 1998.  The moment you step out into hyrule feild and se the scale and distance you will be mesmerized.  The game shows off some fantastic day and night sequences as well as many different colors.  Hyrule market looks and feels alive, the kakariko village will look like a town with houses and shops.  The desert esspecially is arguablly the best way to show off the N64s power with snadstorms and wind effects.  The Charecter models are great for Lnik, to Zelda, To Ganondorf, to the bosses, to even the NPCs.  The enemys realy look feirce and different.  These graphics truly set the standerd in 1998.Sound:  The sound effects themselves are Spectacular like the flowing water, the clank of a sword hitting a wall or an enemy, the enemy sounds when thay are struck bu the sword or when they are attacking, Lniks yelps, and much more.  The game features a brilliant musicalll score, Koji kondos work is reminiscent of John williams almost, and that is not a comparison I make lightly.  You will hum the beat of the lost woods, love the powerfull melody of the temple of time, be entranced by the song of storms, there is just so many great melodys that I have lost count.  The song of time is truly memorable as well as all of the others.  My only complaint might be the lack of the traditional overworld thing and Navis annoying hey listen screams, but these are all tossed aside once you hear Koji Kondos work at its finest with the lost woods theme and song of time.Replay Value:  I still play this game nonstop.  It truly proves that Amazing agameplay oulives any other aspect of a game.  There is just so much to do and so much to see and so many places to explore that you will never want to drop the conntroller.This game is My favorite game of all time and is a must buy for any N64 owner, or enouph of a reason to get one if you do not have one already.  It is also avalible on the Wii vertuall console and is well worth the download.  This is the game of my Childhood and I cannont stress enoph how much you need to get this game.
I got this game a couple of years ago and I was completly shocked, it was really fun and addictive but takes you into a new world called Hyrule. Throughout the story, Link has to save Hyrule from Ganondorf who makes Hyrule look like the Devils mountain! But, if Link collects the right items, he might save Hyrule with the Princess of Zelda.Graphics: 5/5 The colors really standed out with the houses, grassland, people etc!Gameplay: 4/5 It was a challenging game, might be hard to follow through in controlling but Z-targeting helps you alot! Using new weapons such as swords, sheilds, bow n arrow, hookshot, etc was usfull in beating.Storyline: 5/5 The story was copied by the old Zelda from Super Nintendo but made into a more better world. More places to explore, and more side quests to do!Overall: 5/5 My opinon, I thought it was a game that everyone even Zelda fans should get it for your collection. Once you beat it, you can actually go for more side quests, items to get, and other things you missed.
This game is just sickeningly good and nothing else since has matched it's gameplay, depth, charm, design and atmosphere. It is absolutely flawless and perfect.When it came out 3 years or so ago i was hooked to it immediately and i finished it in about a month. But since then i finished it around 10 more times and i still enjoy playing the full game today after 3 years! It is that good. The controls are absolutely perfect and the targeting system works perfectly for most combat situations.The atmospehere of the levels of the game is just the best ever in a game to date. For example in the mysterious forest the Lost Woods, u can actually feel it's mystery from the excellent music getting louder as u reach it's source and the way the whole place is designed.No videogame fan has an excuse not to play or own this. Words cannot describe my love for this game. (Sounds stup[id but it's true) You will so nostalgic even when u meet the characters again for the 20th time. It is just a gaming masterpiece and i doubt it will be bettered for a veeeeerrryy long time to come unless the new gamecube zelda follows the same direction and improves it with a larger interface and new fresh ideas.BUY IT it or u will miss out on the best game ever. yes the best game ever..  all i can say is if u havent for some reason BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT...
Zelda 64 is defenetly one of my favorite games for the N64.  It has a fairly good story, it's interesting enough to make you want to know what happens next, and it has a gameplay that's unbeatable.  The combat system is very simple and great.  You have your z locking on system which makes killing enemies a piece of cake.  There is so much to do in this game that it's comaprable to a good RPG, something that N64 hasn't been blessed with yet.  The graphics are pretty good, especially since they don't use the expanssion pack, and the world is just huge.  One down side is that some puzzles in the caves can be pretty tough, and sometimes, you may feel lost and don't know what to do next. The bosses look very impressive and get more challenging as you progress through the game.  This game will defently take a couple months to beat, unless you play 24/7.  After you master the game, then it'll just take a couple of days, like any other normal, or great game.  Nintendo has defenetly done a great job with this one.  One thing I didn't like about it is that it has gotten eaiser than it's predicessors. I've started playing Zelda games since the SNES days.  Back then, it was Zelda: A Link to the Past.  The game was tough.  I'll admit it, it took me a year to beat that. That game was also HUGE.  But now, 3D has made things eaiser, which I like and don't like.  But another thing I don't like.  They keep on changing the whole story of Zelda. Those of you who played the SNES game will know what I'm talking about.  There, Link didn't live in a forest, and there wasn't a guardian fairy.  And the whole world changed too.  Well, maybe it's for the best, but I wouldn't mind if they made a remake of it, maybe for the GBA?.....
I came across this game in 1999 and immediately recognized it from the cartoon from back in the 80's.  I played it just to try it and I wound up getting so addicted I had to buy it for my N64.  I would stay up til all hours playing it.  It's rare for a game to hook me like that but this is one that is challenging yet fun so you can't help but say "okay I'ma try one more time then I'm turning it off" and still be playing a couple of hours later.The Water Temple was the biggest pain for me because I tend to rush into things and wouldn't do things right as far as the puzzles went.  I loved the Forest Temple as a kid.  The weapons are easy to use and play a role in a fair share of what you do.  The boomerang has a few uses such as getting items that are out of reach, hitting switches, and killing enemies.  The ones I loved were bombs except when I got too close to them.  lolI don't remember much else about the game since it's been a while since I had time to play it.  I do know it took me quite a while before I managed to get some things such as all the Poes and Golden Skulltulas but no matter how many times I play this game it doesn't lose its appeal.  Like I said, it's challenging but not so hard that you throw the controller down in frustration and give up.It's the second easiest game of the three Zelda's I've played.  Twilight Princess, although very in depth, was easy and Majora's Mask was the hardest but only because I kept running out of time when doing certain tasks.  Ganon was hard for me to kill at first but I think now that I've played it enough and therefore fought him enough I know what to expect and I can now anticipate what he's going to do and react accordingly.All in all, I recommend this game even if the system it was made for is pretty much a thing of the past.
This is a game you could fall in love with. When I first played it (immediatly after it came out) I was so engrossed and enchanted with it that it was like the real world disappeared and there was just me and the game. This never happened with me with a video game before. The scenery is breathtaking and some of the music scores are beautiful, although I think the music in the first forest dungeon as an adult is absolutely creepy! The dungeons are puzzling at times but not too hard, and the bosses are challenging enough you may have to try them several times, but don't worry you can eventually beat them. The game has a built in save feature so you don't need a memory card and you can save anywhere in the game, don't have to wait for any specific save point, that is real nice.You start out as a 10 year old boy and then after 3 levels you travel through time and become an adult. Hyrule has changed and you need to save the land. You go through many levels and bosses to finally get to Gannon, the ultimate evil here. He is an improvement on the previous Gannon of previous Zelda games(looked like a little pig then!) and fighting him is more challenging and engrossing in this new game. There are other little side adventures thoughout the game to entertain you when you want a break from dungeons and monsters. This is a high quality game fun for kids and adults.
Wassup, fellow gamerz!  Nubs.  Lulz.My parents just bought me "The Legend of Zeldo: Collector's Edition" for my 14th birthday. It features this "Legend of Zeldo: Oracana of Time" game. I enjoyed this game very much...even tho the graphics suck! I will give you some of my thoughts now!My favorite part was when the main character, Link, pulls the Supreme Sword from the stone in the iceberg temple. Oh man! Glammondwarf (the villain) was so cool! He snuck into the Secret Realm behind Link and stole the Trueforce of Strength!!  Pwned!The Prince Zeldo person was really weird.  He/she was a tranny who turned into some guy named Shaieke, who kept stalking Link on his journey. Then he/she would change back into an elf girl in a dress. What a creep!  But Zeldo had the Trueforce of Smartness, so I guess that character was okay. Zeldo had this tall white-haired ninja lady named Inca as a bodyguard. Inca might have been a man too though...I'm not sure.  She looked kinda like my aunt Helga.The Link character was really cool!  Link wears white tights, a green toga, and had a grappling hook device! He also has this little firefly thing called Navely that follows him around! You begin the game playing Link's little kid brother, which kinda sucked.  I can't pwn Goombas with a little midget (Goombas are these big skeleton guys).  I think the kid brother is supposed be Peter Pan, after he killed Captain Hook and left Neverland (maybe they have another game about that part).But later you get to play Link, who is an adult elf with a pointy nose. He has the Trueforce of Braveness, so that means he is very brave. He can throw dynamites into walls to blow them up and reveal secret buried treasures! I wonder if the treasures were hidden by magic pirates?  Later on, Link gets the Bassoon of Time and can play it to make it snow! I think Link is kinda mentally handicapped though because he never talks. He just goes "Ugh! Hiyah! AUGHHHHHH!" and stuff.I think he might be a cannibal (or vampire) too, because he eats hearts to gain health. There is a really annoying beeping sound that reminds you when it's time to feed.You pick up these little colored diamond things called rublees that you can use to buy stuff with. But they look really big, so I wonder how Link can carry so many in his pockets? And if you don't pick the rublees up soon enough, they begin flashing and disappear! I guess they're like...big holograms or something, like in Star Wars.  Why are there so many rublees hidden in the grass and under rocks? I really wish I could mow my parents lawn in real life and find money like that.There are these fish people named Zurros. They have this giant jellyfish named Mr. Jabba Jabba and you have to go into his stomach to retrieve an ugly little talking fish-man! I think it was the Zurro king's pet and he lost it. But you have to carry it all around Mr. Jabba Jabba's stomach, so it's kinda annoying.Then there are these big rock guys called Gordos that like to roll down mountains! They are my favorites because they live in this mountain called Doom Mountain. It explodes like a volcano and tries to kill you!  Holy ****!That evil Glammondwarf guy is a member of the Garundo thieves. They are a bunch of ginger women that live on a beach. But they don't have any men in their race, so I don't understand how there are so many Garundos? Maybe some of them are trannies, like Zeldo.  I think Glammondwarf might be one. He kinda sounds like a drag queen when he laughs.Sooooo all of these people live in this magical land called Hirole with a bunch of weird cartoon characters. I think it's supposed to be kinda like Toon Town from Roger Rabbit. It's such a huge place! It takes forever to ride across it on Link's horse, Ramona! That's right! You get a horse! Link steals it from Mario and Luigi at some ranch. So I guess Link is kinda a thief. Maybe he's really one of those Garundo thieves? He does kinda look like a girl.  But he's not a ginger, so I'm not sure.Aaaanyway....play this Bassoon of Time game! It is full of so much WIN!  I hope I didn't give too much of it away!  Lulz!!11one  XD-w00tkid95-.
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is, simply put, the best adventure game I have ever played. I'm a newcomeer to the Zelda series, so I'm not too sure how Ocarina rates with the others, but I love it. For an Nintendo 64, the graphics are absolutely beautiful. The lighting rivals that of a Playstation 2 or Xbox or Game Cube. The sound is terrific. Each different sound effect was done in detail. The sword against stone and the sword against wood are not the same as in a lot of games and sound just like they should. The echos when you enter the room and the monsters roaring in the distance are incredibly realistic and Link's footsteps are done perfectly. The puzzles are challenging, but not so that you want to through the controller down in frustration but so that you won't put the controller down until you've figured them out. The minigames and the sidequests will keep you playing long past the time you've beaten the game itself because they are so plentiful. The controls take some getting used to but are perfect for the game's combat system. The targeting especially helps the later you get into the game. The music is captivating and is very well done. Overall, I think this is one of the best games ever, not just in adventure. It's definetly a game anybody with a Nintendo 64 should have.
WHat a game.  I have played Zelda For Nes, Snes, and now the N64  A link to The past was a great game but this is the best Zelda game.  The graphics are graet.  Teh temples are huge.  This is the best game for the N64.  Majoras mask is great too but this one is better.  Sp i reccomend this game to everyone.  It truly is one of N64's best.  Can't wait to see Zelda on Gamecube.
I love this game! You can't say that you are a Zelda fan, if you don't own this game. This game features an awesome storyline, unforgettable characters, and just keeps getting better. You could play this game forever, and not get tired of it! If you have a N64 system, you better own this game! Or if you have a Gamecube, you should have the Legend of Zelda Collectors Disk!
Unless you've been living in a box your whole life, chances are you've heard about what an incredible game this is. Nay, I will go as far as to say perfect. Even if you haven't grown up with the Zelda series, you're still likely to find this game quite enjoyable. It's safe to say that this game was nothing short of revolutionary, and it continues to be one of my favorite video games of all time.The story begins as a young Link awakens in a small tree hut. Staying true to past games, you start off with no items or weapons. You soon learn that the Great Deku Tree wishes to see Link, and thus you set out to explore Kokiri Forest. Upon taking your first steps outside, you meet the elfish inhabitants of the forest. While you search the area for a sword, you have time to get accustomed to the controls and the environment. Once you have sufficiently explored the forest and gathered the required items, you head for the Great Deku Tree, accompanied by your faerie friend Navi. After completing this first dungeon, the Deku Tree explains the history of the Triforce and rewards Link with the Spiritual Stone of the Forest, thus setting the story in motion.The graphics of this game are fantastic for its time. You can now journey through a fully navigable 3D map. The details of the environment properly capture the mood of each setting, be it a forest village, a watery temple, a haunted underground maze, or the inside of a giant fish's belly. The map of Hyrule is pretty expansive and full of places and objects to explore. The cinematic sequences look great and tie the segments of the story together well.I absolutely love the controls in this game. Everything is pretty intuitive: the A Button is used to execute actions, the B Button swings your sword, and the C Buttons allow you to store up to three items to use during play. You're able to roll and jump, swim and climb, block attacks, stab, and build up power for swing attacks. But the greatest addition to the control features is the Z Targeting ability. This function allows you to lock on to people and enemies and focus a particular action on the targeted object. Moreover, this button will focus the camera directly behind Link, allowing you to have control over your point of view. To this day, I compare games' camera controls to Ocarina of Time, often wishing for that very desirable Z Targeting capability. A great addition to your supply of character controls.The story itself builds upon previous games in the series, for we interact with familiar characters like Zelda and Ganondorf in addition to many new individuals. As always, there are a whole variety of weapons and items to collect during your travels, some that are familiar and some that are new to this title. What makes this game even more engaging is the idea of traveling through time. You begin the story as a child, growing as a warrior and searching for the Spiritual Stones. When you travel into the future, the world has become darker and your missions more challenging. There is a constant interplay between the past and the present as you try to make your way through the dungeons and numerous side quests. The multitude of puzzles, games, and items to collect makes this story very immersive and entertaining. The endearing characters that you meet provide for a rich, enjoyable plot, furthering your adventure along with their dialogue and aid.And the game would not be complete without sound. Again, Ocarina of Time gains a perfect score here. The sounds that Link makes when he fights, moves, and interacts with others are both enjoyable and believable. The echoes that your character makes are varied depending on what type of environment he is in. Likewise, the soundtrack is just as appropriate. Each level has a different musical score, and each song blends in beautifully with the surroundings. Also, some of the songs are familiar tunes from the previous games, transformed just right for a sound that is nostalgic, yet new. The ocarina songs are appealing as well, adding another interesting component to the gameplay. Ocarina of Time really has a wonderful soundtrack, and even today I still enjoy listening to it.All in all, this game is truly a classic, and yet another impressive sequel in the Zelda series. From the sensible controls to the superb storyline to the awesome soundtrack, Ocarina of Time is a gem in the adventure game genre.
simply the best.  great story, great graphics, great control, great replay value.  it is true, n64 wasnt that great of a system, with pretty horrible games.  i bought it back in 98 and up until i got my ps2 i only bought a few games for it,  Zelda: ocarina, Zelda: Majora, Goldeneye, Perfect Dark, and DK64.  There may be other good games but this game is by far the best, not just on n64  but possibly out of all video games ever.  trust me people, if i say it is good, it is good.  I dont give out good reviews very easily.
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is really awesome, but how awesome? Is it the best of the Legend of Zelda series so far? Oh, undeniably, but that is not the point. My point is that it was the best game for the Nintendo 64, with Super Mario 64 and its direct sequel, Majora's Mask in a second place draw. It shows how the franchise began. Link sets off on a journey to save Hyrule from the evil Ganondorf for the first time. He meets Princess Zelda on the way, and when she flees from Ganondorf, she leaves the Legendary Ocarina of Time in Link's possession. He uses it to travel through seven years with the help of the Master Sword. The graphics were neat for the time, the storyline was really exciting, and there is a lot of stuff to collect. The dungeons were challenging, and the boss fights are neat. If you are a fan of Nintendo, please pick this up. You will be glad you did.
With almost three years in the making, how did The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time stand the test of time itself? As a prequel to the entire Legend of Zelda series, it has caught heavy anticipation. Ocarina is a prequel to the events before A Link to the Past. Link is a child, whose destiny is to save the land of Hyrule from Ganon (Gannondorf here) by traveling through time. You'll meet up with other characters in the adventure and interact will fellow Hylians, Kokiri, Zoras, and other civilations who aid you on your quest to save Hyrule. Ocarina of Time is one of those controversial games that the series has carried all along. In the end, the game is an Action/RPG, and should never be classified in the style of traditional, turn-based RPG's (like Final Fantasy).New additions to the series are automatic jumping and Z-targeting. The emphasis of the Zelda games has always been puzzle-solving and dungeon arrangement. You also build your attributes, receiving items including the Ocarina, learning songs whose purposes range from teleporting to opening doors to time traveling. Along with mini-games, hidden items and side quests equal, its a worthwhile experience. Graphics-wise, Hyrule never looked better and most effects in Ocarina of Time are outstanding. No need for sharp visuals and smooth framerates, but rather focus on detail and designer talent. The real-time cutscenes and the passing of day and night are impressive. The sound also holds its own on this cartridge format. The themes of Zora's Domain and Gerudo Valley are music to the ears. Zelda fans will remember tunes of Kakariko Village and Zelda's Lullaby. A big plus is that all the sound effects from previous Zelda games have made a comeback.In the end, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time makes the cut. Even though the gameplay consists mainly of dungeon-dwelling and puzzle-solving, the impressive graphics, quality sound and everything that's been obtained from previous Zelda titles will keep fans and non-fans alike entertained. It's fun.
Ok, I figured I'd throw in my opinion as well. Mainly, this review is for people who have not played the game yet and are wondering if they should. Perhaps you aren't too into RPGs or whatever, so it is my job to convince you! First off, it's more of an RPG/adventure combination, since it doesn't use conventional RPG techniques like turns or experience. But that is a good thing, because the way the game is structured allows for near-total freedom as you play it. Yes, like some people have said, you must beat the dungeons in a certain order, but there are about a million other things you can do whenever you want, and that just expands the boundaries of this game even more. It is truly the greatest game I have ever played, that is no exaggeration. The graphics and the sound are wonderful, the puzzles are NOT as easy as some people are saying -- the Water Temple is maddening! -- and the character development and depth of play is unmatched.Majora's Mask is almost as good, but what makes Ocarina of Time better, in my opinion, is the fact that it is sort of the &quot;ultimate&quot; Zelda game, meaning it starts from the beginning and recreates the entire story of Link and Zelda and Ganon, and it is a completely stand-alone and definitive game. Majora's Mask, on the other hand, takes place right after the events of Ocarina of Time and has a very different structure. The three-day cycle you must live through makes for an extremely enjoyable game, but the only downside is you can't take your time and relish everything like you can in Ocarina of Time.Either way, though, Ocarina of Time is a beautiful game.
The best game I ever play.  In fact, I beat this game in a week.  It's a good deal and is worth the money.(big time).
I have played many many many video games in my life, and this game is literally the best game that I have ever played in my life. It's nice and long (like all the other Zelda games) It has a perfect level of difficulty, there are so many different weapons in the game, there are so many memorable dungeons and fields in the game, well, I could go on forever. I wish I could give this game a higher score than the measly 5-star rating Amazon.com forces me to give but alas, i cannot. If you own a Nintendo 64, BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW! If you don't own an N64, you can still buy it for gamecube, it's the same exact game. I own it for both N64 and Gamecube. If you like this game, then buy the sequel too! It's called Majora's mask. I'm telling you, you will definetly not regret buying this game if you are a die-hard Zelda fan... Or even if you are not a die-hard Zelda fan. Although I don't know who would be reading a review of a game that was made in nineteen ninety-something, in 2007... IF YOU ARE READING THIS, BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW, AND IF YOU DON'T YOU ARE MISSING OUT!!  Everything about this game is perfect!... That is all.
This is the 2nd best game I've ever played! Even if I like Excitebike 64 more, I can't wait until I can get this! I don't have it, but my brother and I got all the way to Forest Temple from the start in just 3 days. Then we had to return it. But It's my favorite Zelda game ever.
Face the facts, all these young gamers in the world do not know what it is  like to grow up with a legacy on your TV screen.  I do.  Upon first playing  of the OOT I found it to be quite exhilirating and as game play continued,  I was reminded of the greatness of those that came before it.  Yes, the  game was a little difficult, but if you whine about how you couldn't get  past the first level, either gain some skills or do not enter the arena  with true gamers.  If you did not play the original Zelda you will not do  well with this one.  This is by far the greatest Zelda of the series and I  can't wait to see what the future hods.  True gamers, you know what I mean.
Ocarina Of Time is definitely the best game on the Nintendo 64.Super Mario 64,Perfect Dark and F Zero X are awesome but Ocarina Of Time is the best out of any other game on the system.What else is there to say about a game that changed the way we look at Role Playing games forever?The graphics are awesome(some Game Cube games dont look this good) the music adds excitement and the challenges are excellent.Whereas the difficulty in Super Mario 64 stayed pretty much the same throughout the game Ocarina Of Time gets harder when you get to be a better player.Also you get an extra heart after beating bosses because youll need it.Its very challenging I still havent beaten it and am not sure if I ever will.Easy games can be a lot of fun but they just arent as substantial as a game like this.The challenge makes it fun as well as the graphics and controls. Its just a great game and is a must for any Zelda fan or just someone who loves challenging games.
What isn't great about this game? I'm so glad that this game has so many reviews because it definitely deserves it. Ocarina of Time remains one of my favorite videogames of all time. Yes, the generation of gaming is getting wider and graphics are getting beautiful with each console but The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, on N64, doesn't add up to them. Well, at least to me it doesn't. I've seen a few 1 star reviews about people bashing the game only because it's no "everquest" or "Halo". This game is so good that you don't compare its style or graphics with something in today's modern gaming. This is an old school game. You just don't compare old games to new ones. I believe there's a favorite for every generation. This one happened to fall into the N64 genre, when gaming was really starting to pick up. And honestly, you think over 700 5-star reviews were written all by children? We were children when we all played the game! And looking back as adults now we cherish it as a classic and one of the best in videogame history. Kids that didn't get to exprience the NES, SNES, and N64 missed out on a great gaming genre and though the generation of gaming today is awesome there's nothing on the classics.Ocarina of Time remains my favorite game of all time, even before some of my new favorites and there's nothing like turning on that N64 and playing over and over again. I never tire of this game. It is a true classic.
GAME TYPE: Role PlayingSYSTEM: N64GRAPHICS: Awesome, especially for its timeDIFFICULTY: Moderate, it depends if you want all the items and secrets or not. Not hard just to beat however.AGE RECOMMENDATION: 12 and upCHARACTER QUALITY: Love themPLAYBACK VALUE: There is always something fun left to do!GOLD CARTRIDGE AVAILABILITY: I have one :P They don't make them anymore but you may be able to find one used.Link, the courageous hero of time, must save Hyrule and Princess Zelda from the powerful wizard Ganandorf. Along the way Link will meet many people who can help him on his quest, as well as provide items and host mini-games to make it more fun. Can Link defeat Ganondorf and save the Triforce? Buy this game and become part of the adventure! Travel through time to play both child and adult Link. Ocarina of Time never gets boring or tedious, and is neither too hard nor too easy for any level of gaming skill. If you missed it in 1998, it's time to get it and get in on the action! The sequel, Majora's Mask, is also cool.
Once again, Hyrule is being threatened by the forces of evil! As Link, the chosen hero you solve countless puzzels, and fight many, many, monsters!This game has about everything! Good graphics, great gameplay, and a wonderful story.Ganondorf, the evil in the game, needs to get the tree spiritual stones to open the Tempe of Time. He threatened the people who have them, but they didn't give him the stones. Link goes on quests to get the tree stones. Once he gets them and Zelda, the princess, gives him the Ocarina of Time,  he opens the Temple of Time. But little does he know, Ganondorf followed him.Seven years later link wakes up and Ganondorf rules Hyrule. He spreaded five of the six medallions and had monsters gaurd them. You get the only medallion Ganondorf didn't have and go on a quest to find the others.This game is great and has a wonderful selection of weapons and other things. I highly recommend it and for anyone who has a Nintendo 64, get this game for your 64 collection isn't complete without it.
I remembered a time my older brother borrowed this game from a friend of his. I liked it so much but when it came to the time for my brother to give it back i was upset. But no worries I was 7 at the time when that happened now that I'm older i was able to buy my own copy.
One of the best games of all time.You get the thrill of beating all the bosses, playing the ocarina, and riding Epona around Hyrule. Never going to regret getting this game. One of my favorites.
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time may be difficult at times for some of the temples were designed to make you think but this game is the best game I have ever played in my entire life.I have been playing nintendo for years and I have played some of the older Zelda games before but I never owned any, as soon as I tried this game - I immediately loved it and I've played it millions and millions of times.  I am so obsessed with it, I went out and pre-ordered the Wind Waker to get the Zelda bonus disc and renewed my subscription twice to Nintendo Power to get the Zelda Collector's Edition disc.There is no need for me to review this game - all I really need to say is buy it.  You will not be disappointed (if you are a nintendo fan or have a brain).  Definitely be sure to get the follow up Majora's Mask and the Wind Waker.  A must play and Link is the best hero ever.
man, i remember getting this game when i was around 9 years old, and alll those hours i spent beating this game over and over again. I Gurantee I've beaten this game at least 100 times, Honestly! Though the N64 is outdated, from time to time I take it out of my closet and plug it in just to play this game. I hope the twilight princess will be just the same!
Go out and buy it and play it yourself and see what I mean ok. The level's are great and there is alot to do. The places that you go are in the mountain's lake's valley's and in cave's and a little ranch somewhere? Link lives in Kokiri Forest.In the game you have to get three stones somewhere. One in the Deku Tree and One in Goron City and One in the Zora's Domain. Some time in the game you will be older, by the time you look around the place will be dead.You as Link and you have to save the world form evil form the evil king name Ganondori and his evil plan's before it's too late. And save a beautiful princess name Zelda. And you get to meet other characters in the game too some are cool some are big and some are small.Buy the (The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of time Official Strategy Guide) it's a big help to me and you if you with it.Everything Revealed to YOU.PS. I know everything in the game do you. I PLAY IT AND I LOVE IT.
If you have an N64 you absolutely should have this game. It's a remake of the classic Zelda game from the good old NES and SNES systems with some added twists, new terrain and interesting characters.If you have a GameCube I would recommend you pre-order The upcoming title &quot;The Wind Waker&quot; and if you do this right now Nintendo is offering a special deal where you can get a special release of &quot;Ocarina of Time&quot; for Game Cube. Not just the good old &quot;Ocarina of Time,&quot; made famous on N64, but also an enhanced version called &quot;Master Quest.&quot; Make sure to put both into your shopping cart and enter the correct code while checking out to capitalize on this great value.Happy Hunting.
When I first got my Gamecube, this game was part of the Zelda collector's edition. I didn't know much about Zelda, and had only played very few games before, but was mesmerized by this game. The beginning of it is so magical and imaginative; it really draws you in to the story. I found myself playing through the beginning of it over and over again because I didn't have my memory card yet. This game takes place in a vivid fantasy world that is vibrant, ominous, beautiful, and haunting. I had never experienced anything like it. To this day I have never been so absorbed by another game.What's really impressive is that this whole game is very consistent. The music is also exceptional. The music is better than most movie soundtracks, in my opinion. All of it perfectly accompanies what is happening in the game. So much happens in this game; it has a lot of cinematic scenes too, which really develop the story, which is an excellent tale of good versus evil.Ocarina of Time stimulated my imagination at a young age more than just about anything I know of. There are a few films and books that would come close, but I can't think of anything that could quite surpass it. Ocarina of Time is an involving, authentic, scary, and epic adventure. Playing it for the first time makes for an unparalleled experience.
This is one of the best games!  You have to play it.  It is definitely the best game in the Zelda series so far.  It has adventure, romance, mystery, and SO many subquests.  It's about a boy named Link who has a destiny.  He lives in Kokiri Village, a little tiny village in the land of Hyrule.  Anyway, a little fairy named Navi comes and says that he must meet the Deku Tree.  He does and the Deku Tree tells him to go inside the Deku Tree and destroy all of the evil monsters inside him.  Link does this and the Deku Tree gives him the Kokiri Emerald, or the Spiritual Stone of Forest.  The Deku Tree phrophesies that Ganondorf, an evil desert Gerudo man, is trying to get hold of the Triforce, the essence of life in Hyrule.  But in order to get hold of the Triforce you have to get three of the spiritual stones.  Unfortuantely, after the tree's prophecy, he died because of the curse Ganondorf had cast upon him.  But Link and Navi go on their journey and get the Goron's Ruby, or Spiritual Stone of Fire and the Zora's Sapphire, or Spiritual Stone of Water.  Link gets the Ocarina of Time but when he opens the doors Ganondorf gets in before him and he gets the Triforce.  Link waits seven years in the Chamber of Time and when he awakes he's all grown up.  Rauru, the Sage of Light is there and tells him that he must save all the Sages from their temples and receive the medallions.  He receives the Medallion of Light, Forest, Fire, Water, Shadow, and Spirit.  But the game.  It's definitely one of the best N64 games around!
There comes a point when sooner or later one has to admit that they have reached a mile stone. This is it. Look no further than the game that changes everything that went before it. Yes, certainly other games can compete graphically with this, but innovation is an entirely different proposition. Zelda, then, innovates on an unparalleled scale. Weather, night/day, age, all real aspects which merely touch the surface of this monumentous achievement.To be really honest, there is no real weakness with this game. No puzzle will stop you in your tracks. There is ALWAYS something to do. In fact it will take you a lot longer to find everything the game has to offer than it would to finish other games. And this is where the distinction comes in. You can label this as an adventure game if you like. But, it is beyond comparison with everything else. Thus meaning that it should be catagorised in a genre by itself. Or at least as a game that redefines an entire genre.There are no comparisons. Forget other inferior games that try and emulate and 'better' this. Forget the games that rely on pretty visuals to impress. Zelda has all these and so, so, much more. Buy this, it is that simple.
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of time is an incredible game and is one of my top ten games of all time, but it is neither the best N64 game or the best game in the series. It is the second best of both. The best N64 game is Mario 64, and the best Zelda game is the Wind Waker. That said, this is one of the most innovative, most fun, and most interesting games of all time. The overworld is HUGE, there are a ton of items and weapons to collect throughout the game, and there are plenty of interesting enemies and bosses to fight. Ocarina of Time is a true classic.Presentation- 90/100Graphics- 98/100Sound- 96/100Gameplay- 99/100Replay Value- 96/100Overall- 97.5/100.
I remember all the hype surrounding The Legend Of Zelda: The Ocarina Of Time like it was just yestarday. The Zelda franchise has always been among the best to grace any video game system, and with the power of the soon-to-be-released Nintendo 64, the series was finally going to reach its next step: the third dimension. This (along with other titles like Super Mario 64 and Mario Kart 64) got both gamers and the press excited about the N64 and the upcoming Zelda game. While the Nintendo 64 never quite managed to live up to all its prerelease hype, The Legend Of Zelda: The Ocarina of Time managed to not only live up to its respected hype, but in many ways surpass it.What makes TOOT special IMO is the fact that it is the first game (that I've played) where you truly feel like a part of its world. Many games tried hard to accomplish this feat, including previous Zelda titles, but TOOT was the first game to finally get it right. Even the later Majora's Mask never quite managed to create the immersive world TOOT did.Much of the game's feeling stems from the interactivity of its world. You can spend hours exploring a certain area and still have not seen everything there is to see. For example, many of the game's locations have these hidden holes you can jump into and find hidden goodies (as well as hear some pretty haunting music). Once you obtain the Stone Of Agony, however, you find out that these randomly placed secrets are only the beginning. I won't go into too much detail here since you need to play the game for yourself to really appreciate it. Another thing that makes this game feel more realistic than previous Zeldas is character interaction. Remember how decidedly generic a lot of the NPCs in Zeldas II and III were? In TOOT, each and every NPC is given at least some sort of personality so that you can easilly distinguish him/her from the rest of the game's characters as well as once again feel like you're a part of Hyrule. And of course, the third dimension (the dimension we live life through) helps the game a great deal.The gameplay is equally great. I especially liked how you can hold three items at a time rather than just one, which is especially helpful in the game's dungeons which often require you to use several different weapons/items. Speaking of which, the dungeons have some of the most clever puzzles and interesting layouts of any game I had ever played. And I really liked how once you completed all the puzzles in a dungeon, you opened a new path from its starting point straight to the final boss, rather than simply having to run through the entire dungeon all over again after death the way you did in previous Zeldas (this was especially annoying in A Link To The Past, where the dungeons were much longer and more challenging than in the original Legend of Zelda). And of course, the game's graphics are among the N64's best (not necessarely because of how detailed/realistic they are, but how carefully crafted and full of life they are), and the soundtrack is among the best ever to grace a video game (even with the Star Fox 64-quality midi samples).In brief, The Legend Of Zelda: The Ocarina of Time is an excellent game. If you own an N64 and have not already picked this game up, I strongly suggest you do. If you do not even own an N64, than the system's worth picking up just for this one game and its semi-sequal Majora's Mask.
This last year of 2003 ET did a survey about the best video game series ever. Zelda one there poll and this game is one of the reasons why.Ocarina of Time tells the continuing story of the Zelda universe. In the Zelda timeline it takes place before the other games. As usual you are the hero Link. You must save the princess Zelda. You have different quests you must finish and many obstacles that will block your way. The story is that Ganondorf the evil wizard is trying to take over the world. Equipped with the Ocarina of Time you will travel time in your quest to save Zelda, Hyrule, and the world.This game is jam packed with stuff to do. I'd say you have a garunteed 40 hours of gameplay. It has all the classic Zelda weapons and more. You get to ride a horse across the country side and do some impressive underwater work. There are just so many impressive factors.I love this game. I can't thing of words to describe how good it is. If you have an N64 your collection is not complete until this game is put in it.
Let me put it like this, if I had to destroy every videogame I own except one, this is the one I wouldn't destroy. This is simply the greatest game ever made. I'm not going to insult this game by trying to describe the storyline or graphics etc.. You have to experience it for yourself. Most helpful thing I can do is tell you how you can get to play this. This game has had dozens of ports. One came on a bonusdisc for Gamecube with "Windwaker" in 2003 and another came in a collectors edition (Master Quest) also for gamecube. If you can't get ahold of one of these, the original for N64, or a ROM you should buy a Wii and download it from the Wii Virtual Console. It will be worth the while.
I really should have the kids writing this I think they liked this game but yet there was something lacking in all the zelda games.
Zelda is eailsy the best game I have ever played.  The graphics are excellent, you forget you are playing a game.  My dad thought it was a cartoon.  The story is wonderful, too.  I won't give anything away, but I almost cried at the end.  And the music is great.  You will find yourself humming the Gerudo theme song.  I highly recommend this game, but I suggest you buy a strategy guide even if you normally play this game without one...It's really hard and you will probally get stuck in the water temple just like everyone else...I had to start over about three times.  But the replay value is good, too. That's why I give Zelda 5 stars!!!
Seriously. As awesome as the games before and after this game are, there is truly NO touching OOT. The story is amazing and well thought out, the game play is simple, the music is suburb, and all console Zelda games stem from this right here. SUCH as excellent game. There is no surprise many gaming magazines regard OOT as the greatest Zelda game or Video Game...of all time.
Back in the late 1990s I wrote two articles for a now defunct game website about "Ocarina of Time". One is a review of the title, and the other is the how in many ways Ocarina of Time feels like a remake of the eternal SNES classic (and my personal favorite Zelda game), THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: A LINK TO THE PAST. Rather than leave them unposted, I issued them on Amazon back in 2007, one article on the "Collector's Edition" ("Zelda 64 a Remake?" and and one on the "Regular" edition (an actual review of the game). When the 3DS version came out, I wrote a review of that and included both articles on the review as well for bonus content. Originally this review only featured one of the two articles - I am now putting both articles up.Mike London, 9-9-2012-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------This commentary on "Ocarina of Time" was written as a gaming article for a retro-gaming site back in May of 1999.  I was going to post it on Amazon but for some reason never got around to it.  Mike London, November 3, 2007Article 1: Does "Zelda 64" really live up to all the hype?[Blurb: With all the hype, its hard to be objective about OoT.  Is it the best game in the series, or does it have to settle for second (or, egad, third?) best?  Is it like Star Wars Episode I, all special effects and no substance?  Find out a few thoughts from a fellow gamer!]The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is easily one of the most hyped games of recent gaming history.  In fact, I think I could safely say it IS the most hyped game yet.  There is only one thing that can compare to it in terms of hype, and this product is in an entirely different industry.  Star Wars: Episode I had the same amount of coverage.  Being a big fan of both, of course I've beat the game and have seen the movie.  And they have one thing in common.  They're both eye candy.  But how do they hold up to the rest of the series?  In my opinion, The Empire Strikes Back is by far the best Star Wars movie.  But what about OoT you ask?  How can I defame such an instant classic?One reason mainly.  In the original and in The Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past, (I can't speak for Zelda II because I haven't beat it yet) the ending was spectacular.  Not the game ending, for The Legend of Zelda was produced in the Stone Age and there was much ending wise, but the last dungeon.  Ah, the last dungeon.  Only recently (like December 23, 1999) have I beat the first quest of The Legend of Zelda.  That last dungeon on Death Mountain was a killer, a true challenge that you had to match your mettle with to get past it, save Princess Zelda and beat that nasty ol' Gannon.  It was truly a great dungeon.  Now skip on past those five years between the release of the original and the SNES version.  What have we here?  A dungeon comparable to that in the original Legend of Zelda!  Everything is bigger and better in the SNES version, including the last dungeon.  Whew, and I thought the original was harder, but no way!Then, in 1993, we see the release of the Game Boy version of Zelda.  The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening was released to a very receptive crowd.  But guess what!  No end dungeon!  In terms of dungeons, this is the smallest of the Zelda titles (again, not including Zelda II).  You beat eight dungeons, and then you go and beat the Wind Fish.  Personally, I'm half a dungeon away from completing this Zelda game (Dungeon Seven, which I completed half of, went and beat eight, and now I'm back on the last half of VII).  That last dungeon was challenging, granted, but what about that classic end dungeon?  No where to be found here.  Granted, it's a Game Boy game, and it is huge for that consol.  So that offence is not to serious.  And we did get a new dungeon, though not the ending I was hoping for, with the Colour Dungeon on DX, which was the rerelease of the classic game for Game Boy Colour.After five long years, The Legend of Zelda: Orcarina of Time was released for the N64.  So cool!  Link in a 3D adventure.  About time too.  Mario, the cash cow counterpart to Link, got his 3D adventure way back in `96.  Of course, I bought the game.  And of course, I beat it.  It is an excellent game.  Truly it is one of the great classics.  But one flaw keeps it from edging out The Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past.  The end dungeon absolutely sucked.  That is my only disappointment with that game.  As I was nigh the close of the Shadow Temple, I was really looking forward to getting into Gannon's tower.  I was expecting a great closer dungeon, just like in Link to the Past.[Spoiler: If you haven't beat the 64 version of Zelda, don't read this]What did we get?  Instead of a great closer dungeon, we got a door way that was blocked by barriers.  What did we have to do?  Go thru six rooms and beat whatever was in them, then go and shoot the barrier corresponding with each temple to open the pathway.  And what did I get?  A great disappointment.  Sure, this might have been a good way to end a novel or something, but to end a Zelda game like that was horrible.  The Game Boy was forgivable and acceptable, but this ending to Zelda 64 was truly despicable.  That has been my biggest disappointment with the Zelda series.[Spoiler Finished]Others say The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is the best Zelda game.  I have to disagree.  Don't get me wrong.  It is easily one of my favorite games of the N64.  It's a great game, very innovative (espically that nifty Z Targeting feature) and an epic in its own right.  But for what the system is capable of, The Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past beats it out of the coveted title of Best Zelda Game.  LTTP is huge.  It fully utilized the SNES technology.  It had a full twelve dungeons, two of which the sole purpose was to beat the bad guy, and not try to retrieve any medallions or crystals or pendents or pieces of triforce or what ever.  That's one more than the original has.  (LoZ has one closer dungeon for each quest.)  After you beat the bad guy twice, you go and fight Ganon.  There were plenty of side quests for an SNES Zelda also.  Overall, for the system's capabilites, LTTP is my favorite.But what about The Legend of Zelda: OoT?  My two chief complaints are these:1.  Weak closer dungeon (as I spent a good time detailing up above).2.  Not enough bad guys to kill in the Overworld.All other Zelda games, including the black sheep of the family (Zelda II), has plenty of bad guys to kill in the Overworld.  But what have we in OoT?  A few measly skeleton dudes at night, and some giant flying plants that you can hardly get too in Hyrule Field.  Give me the old Zelda with bad guys streaming at you in every new screen.  For all the time they put into it, you don't think it would be to hard to correct this problem.Then we come to another mistake Nintendo made in the N64 version of Zelda.  Granted, LoZ had two main tracks, one being the Overworld theme and then the dungeon theme.  They could have had more variety, but it was back in the Stone Age.  That Overworld Theme became pretty much the theme of the entire series.  And guess what they decided to omit music wise from OoT?  The Overworld them from the original LoZ!  I couldn't believe they did that!  Hopefully we'll see it in Zelda Gaiden.  Maybe the Triforce will show up in that game too.  Just a thought.Now, after railing on OoT for a great majority of this article, you may think I hate the game.  Quite the opposite, really.  It's a great game, and worthy to be in the Zelda Series.  (Gee, it sounds like I'm defending Zelda II, which I've already done in a separate article).  But it has been the single most hyped up game in the history of Nintendo, and it is totally out of balance.  Great 3D game, but would have been better had it corrected the problems I stated above.  It's a fun game, and I had a great time beating it.  It provides a lot of enjoyment.  But, just like Star Wars: Episode I, it just can't live up to all that hype?  I wonder if any game (or movie) could actually.[May 9, 1999.  An article originally written for NintendoLand.com.  I've written four released articles and one unreleased article (dealing with SMB 2).  It will have to be edited.  Also, perhaps incorporating part of the structural symmetry article.].....--------------------------------------------------------------------------Article 2:[Originally this was written for a retro-gaming site back in early January, 2000. It has never appeared on Amazon.]Zelda 64 a Remake?[Blurb: Zelda 64 and SNES Zelda has several similarities, almost to the point that the basic game design of Zelda 64 is a remake. Read here for more information on this intriguing phenomena! Just a few thoughts from a fellow gamer!]After playing the course of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, I've noticed something very intriguing about it. It seems to be a rehash of what I feel is the best Zelda game: LoZ: Link to the Past. Why do I say this? I say this because there are several structural symmetries that lie between Zelda 64 and LTTP.Lets examine it. For one, there are three pendants you have to acquire in LTTP. This is after you go and rescue Zelda and leave her at the temple. Well, this time around, you don't rescue Zelda, but you do go and talk to her. After that, when you get the three pendants, you go and she is kidnaped. This is after you get the Master Sword in the Lost Woods. In Zelda 64, you go thru the first part of the quest, getting three spiritual stones. After you get those three spiritual stones (which I think the tower on LTTP is much better than that d----- Lord Jabu Jabu's belly. I hated that dungeon! =)), you go to the town. Guess what, as Link approaches, there it cuts to a cinema, and Zelda is kidnaped by Ganondorf. Hmm . . . haven't we seen this story before? It turns out that you have to get 5 of the Sage's medallions. Rauru conveniently gives you one, so we can cut the sixth one away. Only by getting the six sage medallions can you open the bridge to fight Ganondorf. How intriguing.In the superiour SNES Zelda counterpart, it is seven crystals, and you don't get one given to you. Link wakes no sages this time. Instead, the seven maidens of the wise men descent have been hidden in deep dank dungeons, and Link has to transverse thru 13 dungeons all together, 5 the first part, and eight the second part. They are challenging, fun, and intriguing. Granted, Zelda 64 has some great stuff. But it is not as consistent as LTTP. After you have gone thru the seven dungeons (two more than in Zelda 64), you now have all seven crystals. That's great! Now, go to Death Mountain, and by doing so you will open the way to Ganon's big bad temple.Okay, what do we have in Zelda 64? You go and get the five medallions, plus the one that Rauru gives you as Link. Guess what? Now you have to go to his tower, and open the rainbow bridge with the six medallions.* Hmm . . . isn't that what we did in SNES Zelda? Why, I do believe it is, Watson!Another issue yet addressed is the Light World/Dark World. Zelda 64 does the same thing, save this time it is time traveling (I'm not even going to go into the impossibilities of time travel on this . . . that's a whole separate article in itself). In SNES Zelda, you have a little mirror the old man gave you. There are eight transporters located thruout Hyrule, transporting back and forth. If you are in the Dark World, you can use the mirror to go into the Light World, making a temporary transporter. Well, in Zelda 64, there is no mirror or transporters (the closest to a mirror is the Lens of Truth, found nigh in the Shadow Temple). But if you go and put the sword back, then you go back to being young. That creates two versions of the same world to explore. That structural symmetry corresponds to LTTP. Not only that, but at the end if the first three stones, Link goes to the Temple of Time and gets the sword. This is after the three Spiritual Stones goes into place. Hmm . . . isn't that what happened in LTTP? After getting the three pendents, Link goes to the Lost Woods and retrieves the Master Sword. But he cannot do that until he has all three pendents. Well, that's the same in Zelda 64. He can't get the Ocarina of Time, now can he retrieve the sword, until he wins the corresponding three spiritual stones. I swear I've played this game before . . . . ; )The real question is why did Nintendo do this? Well, Miyamoto is a great gamming god, but as far as stories go, his team is not that good at having connecting story lines that make sense. Again, another article, another time. The structural symmetries lying between Zelda 64 and LTTP is quite frightening. Who knows why they chose to do that? Granted, the story line is different, but quite a few of the fundamentals behind both pieces are indeed the same. In review:A Listing of Structural Symmetries between SNES Zelda and Zelda 641. SNES: First Part, Link goes and retrieves three pendants after rescuing Zelda. This is to get the Master Sword. Upon doing so, and after giving the Pendants up to retrieve the Sword, Zelda is kidnaped.2. N64: Link, after receiving a mission from the Deku Tree, goes and wins the three Spiritual Stones. Upon doing so, he goes to Hyrule City, but not before learning Zelda is kidnaped. He places the three Spiritual Stones in their place, and the Door of Time is opened, and there the sword is. Retrieving the Sword, goes to the Temple of Sages, or whatever it is called. Is given first Sage Medallion.3. SNES: After winning the three pendents, Link must now go between two versions of the world (Light World/Dark World). Link must go back and forth between the two worlds to beat the game.4. N64: In this great stunning adventure, Link must go between two versions of his world. One is when he is young, the other when he is an adult. This is achieved by putting the sword back in its pedestal. Just like in SNES LTTP, Link have to go back and forth to finish the game.When he is an adult, things are noticeable more evil, for Ganon's power has grown.5. SNES: One version (Light World) is good because not corrupted by Ganon. Version II (Dark World), is an evil corrupted version of the Light World.6. N64: One version (Young Link's world) is not corrupted by Ganon's evil. Ganon has just recently showed up. Version II (Adult Link's world), is an evil corrupted version (albeit older) of Young Link's world. The only difference is in one its two different versions of the same thing, in Zelda 64 it's the time barrier. But for game play, they're the same.7. SNES: He, Link, must recover seven crystals hidden in seven dungeons (sounds logical). With the maidens' power, they will open to door to Ganon's castle.8. N64: Link has to recover five medallions to open Ganon's Tower.9. SNES: The (massive) closer dungeon is a tower.10. N64: The (weak) closer dungeon is a tower.11. SNES: After beating Ganon, you save Zelda, who had been kidnaped. Although one could argue you save her in Turtle Rock, she is still imprisoned in the Crystal with the other maidens, each in their respective Crystals.12. N64: Sticking to the standard Nintendo story, after recovering the medallions and beating Ganon, guess what, Link saves Zelda. There's a shocker.13. SNES: There are various mini-games, heart pieces, and extra things to do. This trend is continued in Link's Awakening also.14. Zelda 64: Stuck with the trend of mini-games, four heart pieces to make a heart, and extra things to do.15. SNES: In some of the houses, you can find a picture of Mario on the wall.16. N64: In Zelda 64, after meeting Zelda, look out the window, and you can find some pictures of Mario, Luigi, Bowser, and the Princess. Yoshi also comes up. Malon and Talon wear Bowser amulets also. Just goes to show, Nintendo likes cameos.As you can see for yourself, the various structural symmetries between Zelda 64 and SNES Zelda is quit a few. If Miyamoto wanted to do a remake of LTTP for N64 that's what he should have done, I suppose. This, as far as story goes, is pretty much an update with little changed. Its like they took the game's basic plot, changed the circumstances and added where appropriate, but allowing the basic structure to stand. And, although both are great games, sadly, SNES is better, consistently with each dungeon getting a little harder and more complex. But I love Ocarina of Time all the same. This just helps support my believe that Nintendo is first and foremost a gaming company, not a writing company.*In all previous Zelda games, the end dungeon was in the mountains. This is the first game in the series to break that trend. The first three (Zelda I, II, and LTTP) their dungeon was in Death Mountain. Link's Awakening, Link's only Game Boy adventure (currently) is in Tal Tal Mountains. At least we have something that broke one of the several trends running thru this classic series.
This is one of the best games I have ever played.  I love the gameplay.  It was easy to control the character.  I also enjoyed how it wasn't a very easy game.  When a game is challenging, I play it more and more.  In fact, I still play this game today.  Very good game.
This is the 2nd best Nintendo 64 game to date right behind Golden Eye 64. We all know that Golden Eye 64 is impossible to top, but this comes damn near close.Zelda Ocarina of Time is a classic. Five stars plus. Matter of fact this is the best Zelda release I have ever played. And I have played them all.The graphics really show what the Nintendo 64 is capable of putting out along with other classics like Mario 64 and Golden Eye. The graphics are amazing and are top notch.The storyline is even better. Most good RPGs have more than just one single character. This game however only has Link and still manages to become a classic like most of the other Zelda titles. No this game is no Final Fantasy IIV, but in a way this game is better. Maybe not as long, but the storyline is a little bit more creative and catchy.Ocarina of Time offers a little bit more &quot;extras&quot; than the previous Zelda titles have to offer. You can collect extra items along the way for personal score to see how good your discovering ability is, and not just finding pieces of hearts. There are so many secrets with this game.I would suggest you dont use the strategy guide until you have completed the game. If you do, then you are cheating yourself and making the game not even worth playing. Beat the game and then look at the guide to see what you have missed.Overall, I spent a lot of time on this game. I could have beaten it a lot faster, but that wouldnt be any fun, because the fun part is discovering the secrets within the game itself.Buy the game and see for yourself. This isnt exactly a hard challenge of a game, but it isnt exactly that simple either. Just right. Get it today!
(Note:This is the Gamecube Collectors Edition version)I remember ten years ago,seeing the commercial for this game.I always did wonder what it was like.After getting the collectors edition I immediately got started on it.The story focuses,as always,on Link.Link is a young boy living in the Kokiri Forest.One night he has a nightmare,and wakes to discover a fairy named Navi,who will help him through his journey.He is overjoyed but then discovers that the gaurdian of Kokiri Forest,the Great Deku Tree,is dying from a curse.The tree passes along a Spiritual Stone and recommends to see Princess Zelda.Link does so and Zelda tells him to get the other two spiritual stones so Link can get the Master Sword to stop Ganon,King of the Gerudos,from entering the Sacred Realm and stealing the Trifoce,a divine relic.Link achieves the other stones and the Ocarina of Time.Link draws the Sword and finds out he has been tricked by Ganon,who entered the Sacred Realm.Link awakens seven years later,and after discovering he is now an adult,meets Rauru the Sage of Light.According to Rauru,the only way to defeat Ganon is to awaken the Five Sages.That is where the true quest begins.Wow,what a story!Now,the graphics are not bad by today's standards.Neither are the dungeons.They are amazing.And also very complicated.(Please don't mention the Water Temple).Overall this game can be summed up by one word:Perfect.Buy the game,become the hero,and have the time of your life.
Ocarina of Time is a massive, epic Action/Adventure game out for the N64.  Many have been tempted to call it the best game ever (just read some other reviews) but I would step back from that.  It is still one of my favorite games, despite the fact that I play mostly RPG's.  By the way, Zelda is not an RPG, even though you do talk to people and have a sword.In Zelda you play as Link (Zelda is the princess, not the main character) as you go on a quest to save the world from the evil Ganondorf by freeing each of six spirits from their different temples.  You change between times, where you are adult or child Link, and you have to switch often, and do different things in both, and each time has different weapons and items.  The time-traveling aspect of the game is one of the coolest parts.The real-time combat is a lot of fun, and fairly well put together.  It involves a 'Z-targeting' system in which you can select a monster and then keep it in the center of the screen and move around it.  The fights against other monsters with swords and shields are great as a result.  Z-targeting is not perfect, but it works well.The dungeons are all awesome, and very unique.  Each dungeon is mostly based around one particular item or weapon, its own gimmick, but despite that they really don't seem forced, and stay fresh all the way through (although, the last couple dungeons aren't nearly as long as the others, almost like the designers started getting bored).  For the most part the dungeons aren't too difficult if you know what to do, but it is very easy to get stuck if you don't, and the game often leaves you on your own to figure out what to do, especially on side quests, so having a good walkthrough nearby is helpful.The overall story isn't too great (for the most part, "save the princess"), but many of the individual events and side stories are neat.  The characters and different races which populate the world are cool, especially the Gorons, which are one of the best races ever.  The bosses of each dungeon are awesome, as well as being original, and can usually be beaten by hacking them up, or through the use of special tactics.  It's always good to have a choice.Despite how good it is, Zelda isn't perfect.  The graphics, for example, are nice, but they are old, and on the N64.  The music is okay, but mostly just ambient, and the classic Zelda overworld theme is conspicuously missing.  Having to constantly change which items you have equipped is also annoying, even if there isn't really a better system available.  Some would say Zelda has an almost kiddy atmosphere and suffers from an occasional lack of seriousness (I would tend to disagree).  And of course, the fairy is annoying, but no reason to like the game any less.All in all, Zelda is a great game, and a must buy for any N64 owner, as it is one of the best Action/Adventure games ever.  If you are looking for an RPG, look elsewhere.  This isn't one.  And be prepared to get a little frustrated.  Zelda is pretty long, especially if you do everything there is to do.  Maybe 25-30 hours if you run straight through, but  it could take many more depending on how much extra stuff you do, or how often you get stuck.  Have fun.
I first started playing Ocarina of Time from a good friend of mine. The graphics are really cool and it shows realistic images of stories. I don't see why anybody would give this game only 1 star. I sure enjoyed the good pictures of this game. Next time I'm in a video game store. I am going to buy this game. First of all, the adventure begins when this little boy is at home sleeping. A fairy comes to him and wakes him up. Then you have to find this sword and find the Great Deku Tree. I never get tired of this game because you travel to different places accomplishing many tasks! There are many items you can use too!I think The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is even better than most playstation and playstation 2 games! It is just that good to me.If you ever see this game in a store, buy it. You will have a good time with this game!
This is truely the best game for 64 becuase link is so cool. This is probabaly the best zelda game. Ganondorf is the man and you beat him in this game. If you havent played this game, i dont know but anyways in this one you could be big link and little link. Not like in majoros mask where you could only be little link. This game is way better than majoros mask. If you still have 64 (get a gamecube, so you can play windwaker)you need to get this great game.
This has been deemed the best-made game of all-time, and even though it's going on 15 years since its release, I can't disagree.People complain that this game has no replay value, is too easy, and the graphics aren't good.Well, I've revisited this game several times since it came out in 1998, and I haven't found a lack of replay value; there's so many sub-missions, I don't see how you can't think of this game as novel and new every time you replay it.This game has a perfect balance of gameplay for first-time gamers and extra sub-missions for experienced ones. Think it's too easy? Obviously you haven't gotten all the heart pieces, found all the Skulltulas, earned all the jars, achieved the Biggoron sword, or caught the Hylian Loach. Any one of those tasks would create a challenge for anyone.Complaining about the graphics? Sorry, the game isn't on XBOX or Playstation format. In 1998, this game had state-of-the-art graphics. As I am in the process of beating this game for a third time in 2011, I still don't find the graphics something to complain about.This game excels in both gameplay and storyline. I find it hard to believe that anyone who has played at least half this game would say they "hate" such a masterpiece.
From a graphics standpoint, this was and still is the best Legend Of Zelda ever. The story was great as well as the gameplay. All and all this was a great homecoming for the Hero of Hyrule. Great game from beginning to end. 10 stars.
An excellent game for those (like me) who like adventure and a new challenge. Zelda will leave you amazed. In the game you must save your world by fighting evil monsters, solving puzzles, beating bosses and temples etc., and getting the items and weapons etc. you need in order to achieve these and other goals.You are the world's last hope! Can you save everyone and defeat the evil Ganondorf in this breathtaking adventure game?!
This game is truly phenonemonal. From the amazing graphics (for what it is; a N64 game), to the music, to the challenging gameplay, to the engulfing storyline, the "Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time" is a must-play for any age. You start the game off as young Link (or whatever you want to call him), who lives in an enchanted forest where young never grow old. Inside the forest, there is a godly tree, who could be considered to be infinitly wise. The tree senses Link has the power to overthrow a great evil which is arising, and tests him to the dungeon inside of him. Link comes out, sucessful, and the tree tells him the story of the great evil which is arising. From then on, you play young Link, and must overcome many obstacles. As a child, there are 3 dungeons, and the tree's counts as one, so you're making some time, right? WRONG. There's much more to this game then beating dungeons. As a child, you can't acess as many of the things, but after you advance 7 years to the future and attain the Master Sword, many of these things are then open to you. As a child, you got an ocarina, in which you must learn songs on to access special places or do special things. Now, you can do all those things, and more. My personal favorite is Epona's song, in which you place a horse's (Epona) song, and it comes to you, in which you can ride across Hyrule Field to get to places twice as fast. As a child, you have weapons like a stick (whoopey), a sword, a shield, a sling-shot, and Duku Nuts. As an adult, you can handle 2 swords: the Master Sword, and the Giant Sword, which is so big you must handle it with 2 hands, which means no shield. You also have the hook-shot, Megaton Hammer, bow-and-arrows, and magic crystals you can do different things with. I cannot begin to explain how amazing this game is. I'd buy a Nintendo 64 all over again just for this. Now I have a Playstation 2, and I still have my Nintendo 64, but only play two games on it; this, of course, and Super Smash Brothers. Now, do yourself a favor, buy this game, and experience teh magic yourself.
10/10, one of the best games ever released on any console. The story-line is amazing, it captivates you swiftly. The game-play is also awesome, and the graphics, evil bosses, etc., it's just one of the best games in the market. At some point, we all wished to become Link, play a tune or two with an Occarina, and may day turn into night, or draw towards you a horse named Epona.
This game rules! It was very well conceived. The storyline is good, and the gameplay is awesome. I rented it before, and found out it is a game to buy and play. Trust me, you will get your money's worth! Good graphics, excellent sound scores, huge worlds, and good characters pull this game together. I am yet to find a game that matches it's surperiority, even Majora's Mask wasn't as good. I've beaten it several times through, and sometimes wish that I didn't know it like the back of my hand.
First off, this game is very good considering it had very good graphics (for an N64) and sound. Second of all, the storyline is the best I've seen in ages. The boy from the woods that no one knows becomes the Hero of Time... I would reveal more, but I do not want to spoil the game. Third, the gameplay and controls are easy to master, so you probably wont be swinging your sword at an enemy when you intended to throw bombs at it like games with complicated buttons. (; Fourth, the thing that makes Zelda, well, Zelda! The dungeons. The puzzles in them are chalenging and fun. The scenery in the dungeons (and everything else) is amazing. Fith, the enemies are unique and mystique, making the worlds you explore even cooler. Overall, this game is THE top must have of the N64 gaming system. ...
Simply the best single player RPG i have ever played!!!! From start to finish you will not be dissapointed,,, Please if u get the chance go after majores mask its also a great game..
I'll keep this short, as most people have probably already played this, but when this game released in 1996 there was literally NOTHING like it. no fully 3d adventure with the calibur of Ocarina of Time existed in those days. the sheer quality of this game was unheardof in 1996. the graphics were smiply beautiful for their time, and the gameplay was near perfection.You start the game as a young Kokiri boy living in the forest village with your friends and the old, wise Tree of Life. when darkness strikes your small corner of the world its up to you to delve into the tree and find out whats truly hurting and potentially killing him. after solving the situation in your home a much broader world of discovery and adventure opens up to you, and its up to you to save Hyrule.after completing 3 childhood dungeons and playing the song of time in the temple of time, you find yourself frozen in a time warp for 7 years, waking up at age 18 (i believe) waking up in adulthood you make your way across 5 more dungeons before conquering the final fortress, and facing one desperate final stand from the evil thats been behind all the trouble from the start.Truly epic in every way, considering the year it was released. Ocarina of Time is still the greatest game ever created in my opinion.10/10.
Since Amazon is sort of combining Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask into one review, I will write a review for both games. Both games have been remade for the GameCube, and I own both the original N64 version and the GameCube version. The gameCube versions were released if you bought a GameCube at a certain time and if you pre-ordered the Wind Waker.THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: OCARINA OF TIMEThis game started out as you as the "Hero of Time". You were the only forest child without a fairy, and the Great Deku Tree sent the annoying little fairy to you. When you go to the Deku Tree, he says you must get these Spiritual Stones to open the Door of Time, and a bunch of other crap like that.Sound and Music: 9.5/10.0 This game has one of the best scores in the video game world, and the ocarina songs are very good. 100% credit to the music makers of all the Zelda Games, these are some great songs. The only problem is you can't shut it off. Sometimes it gets annoying, and it doesn't help if you are stuck on a level for hours.Graphics: 2004: 4.0/10.0 1998: 9.0/10.0 In this day in age the graphics are so good these look like horrible. If this game was released today, everyone would laugh. Back in 1998, these graphics were the best out there. But the good thing about them is you can see the faces unlike some of those games fromt hat time it made you go blind.Difficulty: 10.0/10.0 This game is HARD! I beat it barely without a strategy guide, and you can be stuck on levels like the Forest Temple and the freaking Water Temple for MONTHS. If you beat the game with a strategy guide, you take the challenge and fun out of it. You also won't have many broken items, like controllers or TV's.Gameplay: 1,000,000.0/ 10.0 It is considered the best game ever, and was the 1998 Game Of The Year. You could do EVERYTHING in this game, and it is very fun doing all those side quests and other crap. This game is like no other. No other game can match this, none of that Final Fantasy or any other RPG match it, it is the best Nintendo game ever made.THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: MAJORA'S MASKThe game takes a huge turn in Majoras Mask as young Link goes out with Epona from Hyrule. No Ganondorf's in this game, because it revolves around Majora's Mask, a mask stolen by this little imp from the Happy Mask Shop guy from OOT. You have three days to get the mask back, but you must keep going back using the Ocarina and the Song of Time.Sound and Music: 9.5/ 10.0 It is like a carbon copy of Ocarina of Time, and the suspensful music is very catchy. The game has great music, ALL ZELDA GAMES HAVE GREAT MUSIC.Graphics: Same As Ocarina of TimeDifficulty: 9.5/10.0 Not as bad as Ocarina of Time, but that doesn't mean it is not frustrating and challenging. You can't be scared away by the challenge of these games because they are just too great.Gameplay: 10.0/10.0 The whole mask collecting concept is very fun and it a change from beating Ganondorf like in all the other games. You will feel deja vu of Ocarina of Time because the characters are the same, just different. The game is fun and a great challenge. Overall, these games are classical N64 greats!
Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time is a classic.  It should be played by every Nintendo fan and fans who are not big on Nintendo.  The Zelda series is infact a big popular series but this one defys all of them.  Ocarina of Time is a stand alone Zelda classic.  It is not only the best Zelda game but it is possibly the greatest game ever created on a console.  The story line is oh so brilliant and the graphics(even for todays standard) are unbelievable.  Anyone who owns a Nintendo 64 needs this game.  This game is pretty old and pretty cheap(I lost my game so I baught one for 5 bucks at Gamestop)so it won't be hard to find.  This game infact shows what the Nintendo 64 is capable of.  The game is very well made as you play through a huge world...well not that huge..  And I will say this..(I may be exagerating this though) But the Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time has one of the best "boss battle finale" ending ever..Ubelievable..Graphics in this game a superb.  There were parts in the game were I would just stand there and stare at the ocean, houses anything cause it looked so beautiful.  I loved how they created the bosses especially the last one and it was amazing how realistic they made the horse look.  Nintendo scores big with the graphics.  The gameplay is magneficent.  I loved how it was all made and done.  I really can't get into this one, you'll just have to play this part for yourself....The sound is..My god...It's beautiful I even downloaded all the songs.  I loved the song were your in the temple and you get the Mastersword cause they made that song really well.  The music in the farm were Epona is was made extreamly well and was just BRILLIANT!  As I've stated the story in this game is just plain good, though it obviously has the "save" themed plot as you all know and I won't really get into the plot since there is already like 500 reviews saying what the plot is about..Sure the game is old and outdated, I guess..But so what..The game is still one of the greatest games of all time.  I'll put it in simple words for you, the game is flawless!  The game has an amazing plot that will suck you in, the gameplay is fun and classic(as well as riding Epona the horse)and music is just plain beautiful, the enviroments and atmosphere of the game as just as incredible as the game itself is and as I stated before...Ocarina of Time is simply the greatest video game ever made(and if it's not possible then it has hands down the best video game ever made, no the best video game OF ALL TIME)....Get this game you will not regret it!5 out of 5!!!!(if I could I would give it 100000 out of 5).
This and Super Mario 64 are the best games for this console. Now this was the first Zelda game I ever played, and it's gold cartridge. Now, this is a zelda game that's good to bring in the newcomer (or Link to the Past). This game is not too difficult, but difficult enough. The story is one of the best stories I've seen in a video game, very original. The one thing about this game I don't like are the water dungeons. It's a trend in Zelda games to make the levels that involve water the hardest part in the game, but it is passable.In conclusion, good game for newcomer and the best storyline to keep you hooked on the series!
In this, one of two installments in the Zelda series for the Nintendo 64, you once again take on the persona of young Link (or whatever you choose to name him), as he embarks on a quest to save the land of Hyrule from the dark forces of Ganon.  One of the great conflicts in Nintendo history, second only to that of Mario and Bowser.  You start the quest as a boy and end up as a man.  Along the way, you will fight many monsters, explore dungeons and temples, rescue a horse (great for traveling through the world of Hyrule quickly), engage in numerous side quests and mini-games, learn many different tunes for your Ocarina, pick up a number of weapons and other helpful items, meet some gorgeous fairies, and in short, have a wonderful gaming experience.As with the other Zelda games, this one is filled with different puzzles of various types, most of which you MUST complete in order to advance in the game.  They are engaging, but not too difficult to figure out, for the most part.  There are a few, though, that I had a tough time with.  Not to fear, though, there is plenty of help out there, both in books and on the internet, to aid you through those difficult spots.  The controls are wonderfully intuitive.  Navigating through Hyrule is much like controlling Mario in Super Mario 64 (and the game does, at times, suffer from awkward camera angles like Mario did), and there are good tutorials in the game itself that teach you the ins and outs of fighting monsters and defending yourself.The Z-targeting system is excellent, once you get used to it.  You don't really need it for some of the early monsters, but by the time you become an adult, it will be essential.  In addition, you have a little fairy buddy, Navi, who continually travels with you and is always willing to give you helpful advice on what to do next after you complete a given task.  Navi will also help you with advice on the weak spots of the many different monsters you will encounter throughout the game.As I mentioned before, there are a number of side quests throughout the game.  They're not essential to finish the game, but they are a lot of fun, and some of them will get you prizes that will make the later stages of the game a little easier.  One word of advice - when you reach Lake Hylia, be sure and talk to the two scarecrows!  Later in the game, you will be glad you did.  Also, be wary of purchasing too many items in the various shops and bazaars.  They have many useful items, but they are also VERY expensive, and almost everything in there can be found for free in various nooks and crannies in the game.  Also, be wary of Gorons who want to sell you a Giant Sword.  Don't say I didn't warn you...Although you do not NEED a Rumble Pak to play the game, your gaming experience will be enhanced if you get one.  The Pak will be set off whenever Link gets near a secret area, which are sprinkled liberally throughout Hyrule.  These secret areas contain goodies that you really don't want to miss out on.All in all, an excellent game which showcases the abilities of the N64 to great effect.  Games like this are why I will always remain a Nintendo fan.  But, don't take my word for it - pick it up!  You'll be glad you did.
THIS GAME IS AS GOOD AS THE SOUNDTRACK AND MAJORA'S MASK. IT IS ONE OF THE BEST I'VE EVER PLAYED.
Hey all you people, this game is an absolute good. Barely any flaws and it is like you are playing the game in reality. This is a 5 star game.Why, you ask? This is the proof:1.Gameplay- It takes you a while to master the controls and stuff, but with practice, this wouldn't be frustrating at all!2.Graphics- Great! As I said, everything is 3-D like the Deku Tree and Link himself. Take a look!3.Lifespan- I heard that people who knows Zelda games really well could beat this in a week. But you guys out there that is starting a new adventure, would last forever for no boring parts of the game. There is a lot of words to say, but its worth it.4.Fun-This game is a 99.8 fun game, in my opinion of course. I am stuck on the Deku tree of how to get past the spiders. See, challenging, and fun!5.Sound-You gotta be kidding me! The Sound and music is great! Different sounds occur in different environments for the better!Listen Closely!6.Overall- This game is an absolute no miss game! Guranteed. This is a good game who likes RPG, or collects Zelda Games. This is, (I think) better than Majora's Mask. This Game Follows the Legend!!! Honestly.
like all zelda games the ocarina of time provides an adventure about link a young hero.in the ocarina of the player takes control of a young boy known as link. right from the start of the game players jaws dropped at the sight of the graphics for 64 bit graphics it looks amazing.as the story progresses players obtain more items and link becomes more of a hero at about 2 thirds through the player becomes an adult and he cant use some of his items which is one the most impressive features in a game iv ever seen. Its about an ancient evil being restored and a child giving up his youth for his country theres nothing bloody wrong with this game its perfect.p.sthis game is why you keep your n64.
Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is one of my favorite games ever!  I just love the storyline and the characters,even though Link, Ganondorf and Zelda have been in all of the Zelda games, but this game is the best.  The original Legend of Zelda for the Nintendo was okay, but it felt like the game would NEVER end!  I recommend this game to fantasy lovers who also love the idea of a super villan an action-ready hero.  This is also one of Nintendo's classics.  Everything a fantasy story needs is right in this game.
Im not even that far(I just got past those guards)but I can tell this is a classic example of electronic excellence and is a classic that anyone lucky enough to know its out there can discover.
I played this game and never wanted to stop. In my opinion, this is the best RPG game ever. It is fun just to play, and run around. The graphics are great, and it is just plain fun. What is also nice is that getting past certain parts of levels aren't very hard, and you don't get upset playing it.Pros:1) Great graphics2) Great plot/storyline3) Characters look great4) Easy figuring out what to do5) Just plain funCons:1) Ummm.
Zelda OCT is an action-adventure RPG (there is debate about this, and some argue Zelda is it's own genre) with a combination of puzzles, fighting, and racing. Anyone who enjoys this genre will be enthralled by OCT (which you can play on several Nintendo platforms including the 64 and Gamecube). I still play Zelda OCT 10+ years later on the Gamecube from time to time, it's that good of a game.Graphics:For the time period, Zelda OCT on the 64 was beautiful and it has stood the test of time FAR better than other older games on consoles. It was the first truly 3D game for a console and set the standard for what video games should look like. If you grew up on newer systems and PC's, these graphics will look "blocky" to you, but the Gamecube has an OCT version with more refined graphics. Still, if you want a "retro" video game experience, the N64 Zelda OCT has graphics that are still enjoyable today.Story:The Zelda story is perfect for a video game, as the basic premise is always the same. Link, a young boy (or young man in newer games), is the reincarnated hero of time. He must battle the evil Ganon/Ganondorf to save Hyrule and princess Zelda by using the power of the Triforce.Zelda OCT molds the "Zelda Story" into a fantastic tale that will take a least a few months to beat for your first time. The game's puzzles become progressively more difficult, culminating in the notoriously challenging dungeon - the Water Temple. The story combines several races (Hylians, Kokiri, Gerudo, Gorons, and Zora) seamlessly into one large kingdom. The enemies are varied and interesting as well. The Fantasy-Adventure story line is complex and intricate, complete with twists and shocks, time-travel, and genocide. Time affects the characters, and you see that not everyone loses when evil prevails. The story details are amazingly deep, to the point that pictures on someone's wall and the clothes they wear can fill in some back story of that character. I loved the detail and enjoyed filling in little pieces of the "back story" by talking to the NPCs and looking through the first person scope at their tattoos and clothes. The main story is also amazing, with the typical epic sword-clashing adventure ingeniously employed in the Zelda OCT universe. It's truly a master's greatest work.Game Play:The 64 had a simple controller for fun game play. There are only a few buttons, A, B, Z, C-pad, R1, L1, joystick, and the D-pad. The D-pad isn't needed in Zelda 64. This limited key selection was used to build an elegant fighting system around a few button combinations. Although B always attacks and A always does "an action", the genius of this system falls in the types of attacks you can do. Depending on the way your character is moving, and whether or not an item is targeted, Link can perform an impressive list of sword attacks (vertical cut, horizontal slash, diagonal slash, spin attack, thrust, and jump attacks). Despite the fact that B, Z, and the joystick are the only buttons that control these moves, Link is easy to control and I never had problems getting Link to perform the combination of moves I desired. Link could cut any sign into 5 unique pieces consistently - that is excellent controller response!In addition to the perfect synchronization of Link to the game controls (something newer games like Dark Souls could take a lesson on) the game play is interesting and varied. Although the main fighting style will be slashing it up with your sword, each monster has a unique weakness that you can take advantage of with a variety of weapons. Link not only totes a one-handed sword and shield, but he also get's access to a sling shot and deku seeds, boomerang, hook shot, bow and arrows, bombs, deku sticks, deku nuts, and two impressive two-handed weapons: a hammer and a sword. These weapons can all be used in different ways to different effects at various times in the games.Although the game would have been interesting enough with just those weapons, the game is further varied by magic. Link can wield three types of hand magic, as well as three types of magic arrows. This adds another level of monster fighting, where Link tries to find the weakness so he can move in and dice them up.Apart from the impressive array of weapons, Link also packs a varied wardrobe. The stoic hero is far from interested in fashion (I mean, he runs around in a tunic and tights with a long cap, so he obviously doesn't care about his looks), so each piece has a specific use. You can mix and match boots and tunics for different benefits. Some bosses can only be beat with the right combination of clothing and shields, and figuring out how to use which items against a difficult boss is part of what makes Zelda OCT a great game.Wait, there's still more to combat. Apart from the variety of moves and effects Link can muster with his impressive array of items, there is also horseback combat. You can ride around on Epona, a fierce, wild, mare who only listens to you, and shoot things with your bow and arrow. There are also mini games centered around the fun and challenging horseback combat.Summary:Zelda OCT is an excellent Action-Adventure RPG with an epic story line that seamlessly melds a complex kingdom and elegant fighting style into a grand video game. The characters are interesting, with even the most minor sentinels having a back story that you can uncover. The main story is fun to progress through, and you care about a lot of the characters you meet. The controls are excellent and perfectly integrated for fun, non-frustrating, game play. The bosses are challenging, requiring wit to uncover their weakness from the surroundings and circumstances before you can move in and damage them with your sword.Final Note:If the 64 is too retro for you, Zelda OCT has been remade for the Gamecube with newer graphics. However, the Gamecube controller does not integrate as seamlessly as the 64 (understandably) so you will miss out on a large part of what made Zelda 64 great. Additionally, there is a 3DS version, but I haven't played that so I really can't comment.
This is the best game I have ever played.It has very good music,grapics,and the story is great!I really love this game,but the only really big problem with this game is that it has this one(long and boring)temple that is very hard,and(please)don't take this game lightly,the bosses are hard,but the story is so good that you will want to play this game again and again!But the other Zelda games are lame!So only (if you want to)buy this game and maybe 'the legend Zelda A link to the past'.  PROS:the story is great,It's a fun game,and the great fairys(Fairys that will power you up and give you new weapons) are easy to find.  CONS:switching around the camera is a little bit hard,and finding the goldskull tokens(gold coin like tokens that you win from beating spider monsters)is easy at the beginning of the game but hard at the end.  This is a great game,so I would recommend it to anyone who likes fantasy games,I would also recommend'final fantasyI&II dawn of souls'and'The legend of zelda:the wind waker'.
Although the Final Fantasy series was pretty good, no other RPG can compare to this.With a very long storyline, and if you don't have a strategy guide handy, there's a possibility that it might take a while to finish the game completely.The features are just amazing. At some points, you are required to move into the future 7 years, where Link is a full-grown adult, and sometimes back 7 years to advance in your journey. As an adult, some things will have changed. And when day turns to night and vice versa, some things will change that will be different when compared to the same place, only in the daytime.The battles are intense. And as for the boss battles, the bosses have a variety of options that they can do, and to effectively defend, you usually have to be prepared for any &quot;curves&quot; that they throw at you.Legend of Zelda: OoT holds a lot of replay value. Even after I've finished the game, I'm still having a great time.Overall, Legend of Zelda: OoT is probably one of the best RPGs available. Would be definitely worth buying and would also make a wonderful gift!
THIS IS THE MOST ABSOLUTE SUPERIOR GAME EVER MADE! You have almost no limits as to what you can do and there is always another secret or trick you can learn! Not only this but there are no limits to the fun you can have with this game. I enjoy the challenges and puzzles and new items and moves you have to get. If you are going to buy a game for Nintendo 64 this is the game to buy!!!
Thinking back on the times of Zelda, have got me thinking. The game was absolutely breath taking, I remember how fun and exciting it was, and it was so good, because of the challenge. If there is still anyone who has not played and beaten this game, please get it, it is totally worth the money. Then in 4 or 5 years, you too can think of what a great game Zelda was, but then you will feel bad for neglecting your Nintendo 64 and playing your PS2, but PS2's time for neglection will come in a few years also.
Although I like the SNES Zelda best, you really can't make a game better than this one.  Sometimes a game is made that goes above and beyond 5 stars.  This game is like that.A vast amount of items, all found in unique ways.  Awesome.  Lots of giant evil bosses.  Awesome.  Lots of underground hidden stuff.  Awesome.  Lots of weird folk to talk to.  Awesome.  Time travel in a HUGE mythical world.  Awesome.  Lots of mini-games to play for cool prizes.  Awesome.  Just so many awesome things packed into this ONE game.  I usually only recommend rentals, but a rental wouldn't do this game justice.  You have to buy it, you have to beat it, and you have to find every secret.  Live this game, and every now and then, live it again.I'll also recommend buying some kind of strategy guide, or looking for tips online to find everything.  I've heard that there is a giant monsterous eel-like fish in the pond, but I have yet to catch anything like that.
BY FAR ONE OF BEST ZELDA GAMES OF ALL TIME. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME. WELL WORTH THE MONEY.
This is, to me, not only the greatest Zelda game in the series, but also the greatest game I've ever play.Where to begin? There is so much in this game that makes it so fun. I absolutely love the side quests. Getting the Biggoron Sword is a race against time, but very rewarding considering you will posess an awesome huge sword that is twice as powerful as the Master Sword!Another side quest I loved was completing the Gerudo Training Fortress to get the Ice arrows. This will force you to use all your skills and items, and will really put you to the test. I would even venture to say that the Gerudo training temple is more difficult than almost every other dungeon.The ghost hunting side quest is very tough and takes practice and patience. Capture all 10 big poes roaming the field of hyrule and sell them to the strange ghost shop. You will get the 4th bottle (the hardest to get)Even the mask salesman side quest is very interesting and unique. While many wouldn't bother to complete it, but the reward is the very cool and mysterious "Mask of Truth". Furthermore, this side quest is slightly more significant considering that the masks are the focal point in the follow up "Majoras' Mask".But of course, my favorite side quest is the Skulltula side quest. It is very long and trying, but definitely worth it. This is another side quest many people wouldn't bother to complete, but completing it does have it's merits. For example: there is a very profitable rewards system in play. Destroy 10 Golden Skulltulas, and you get the adult wallet (holds 200 rupees). At 20, you get the stone of agony, which (when playing with a rumble pack inserted) will alert the player when a secret is nearby. At 30, get the Giant's Wallet and you can carry 500 rupees. At 40 you get Bombchus (I know, lame). At 50, get a piece of heart. After that, you get nothing more unless you manage to destroy all 100 golden skultullas. Doing this will result in you being able to get 200 rupees every time you visit the house of skultulla. Unlimited money is very cool, although a bit useless at that late a stage in the game.The bosses are great. I won't go into great detail, but I've always loved the fight with Volvagia the lava dragon. There is something so classic and satisfying about watching Link defeat a lava dragon in a volcano with the master sword and hylian shield. Also, the final battle with Gannondorf is a real treat, and I never get tired of firing the magic arrows of light at him. The fight has a very epic quality to it, and the final battle against the horribly mutated Gannon has a nightmarish ambience to it.The temples all have thier own awesome themes, both musically and environmentally. I always thought that the Forest Temple was incredibly imaginative and just stunning. It has the feel of something abandoned to the wild with overgrown vines overtaking the temple, and the open courtyard.The music is top-notch even by today's standards. Koji Kondo really put together a masterpiece.There is even a sweet element of sadness in Link's lost childhood, with the loss of his friendship to Saria. The moments where Shiek teaches you a song to warp to a temple always has a reference to a long lost friendship or the somewhat cruel passage of time.The ability to customize adult Link's appearance is pretty unique and cool where you can choose with color tunic he wears, which sword and shield to wield.In short, this is a wonderful game that will always have a special place in my heart.
This game is one of the finest Video games ever produced, while its graphics may be some what dated by today's standards its epic story and play control are arguably better than many of today's titles.I cannot recommend this game enough.
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is the greatest game in the entire Legend of Zelda video game series.  Period.'Nuff said.
awesome storyline, awesome graphics. perfect game! great challenge, but not too challenging that you cant beat it. Thanx nintendo for the greateast game ever made!! Great game for all ages! highly recommended!!
This is the best N64 (R.I.P.) game I have ever played. It's full of vast 3D worlds, cool characters, and has a deep storyline. The worlds are huge.Take Hyrule Field, A place which has absolutely nothing to do with the story but going there to get new places, is soooo much fun. When you aren't doing anything and are just playing around, you can have hours of fun running around hunting skullkids and running from those flying spikey flower thingies. When you're an adult, you can hunt poes (ghosts) in the field and get rewards and stuff for it! Anyway, the story is about a boy named Link who is destined to save his home world, Hyrule, from A powerful wizard. The wizard wants to get ahold of the Triforce, an ancient artifact which has the power to alter the world. He does, and changes the world to a "hell". Link then has to go through many dungeons and meet many people and eventully save his land of Hyrule and return peace. That's about it. Peace.
everything a video game is supposed to be! Lots visually diverse landscapes and effects, intriguing gameplay and endless oppotunities for exploration within the framework of the game. No boring moments here! The horse is certainly a nice touch (being a bit of a horse fanatic myself). Provides a fairly lifelike representation of horse riding. Nice soundtrack, and the interactive music play was quite satisfying. All in all a well designed game. Wish they were all this good!
Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a well-made game that perfectly blends battle sequences and puzzles.  The battles, which can only be won using the right method against the right enemy, are simplified by Z-Targeting, which aims all attacks at the enemy.  It takes a long time to beat (months), as any good RPG (Role-Playing Game) should.  Unfortunately, it constantly and inevitably reminds you of the controls, although they're pretty easy, in messages which you usually must read.  I suggest this for all people, especially those that enjoy a good challenge.
There always comes along trend setters that some how cannot be bettered! Zelda is one of those games ,its challenging enjoyable adventurous fun!!!!!!!!!!! i loved every minute of it even though at times i wanted root out my hair i have no regrets having this game in my collection,one of the best games ever on 64.even though the 64 era has ended if you are a die hard gamer from time to time you may want to go back this game is definitely worth playing again and again there's always something you would have miss that you can find the next time around.
This title might be the best game ever. The best title for the N64 it is, beyond any doubts.- Graphics: I haven't played much N64, but, for all I know, this is the best you can get in the plataform. Beautiful enviroment, landscapes, well-designed characters, different places and detailed textures for this plataform. The graphics are hot, I mean it! And you didn't even need graphics, this game would be great even without them. This game will be forever known because it has changed the world of games with such 3D graphics plus the lock-on camera, this game will be forever reminded because of that. Approved graphics.- Sound: This game has the best soundtrack ever, if you ask me... Nearly every song in this game wins a 10/10 score. I really want to find a soundtrack for this game, because both the Ocarina songs and the in-game songs are awesome. Characters don't have voices, except when they scream, when they're scared and this kind of thing, so the voice acting isn't great. But the sound wins a 9/10 because of the nearly perfect soundtrack.- Fun: This game touches you with a great story, great characters, great songs. You really feel as if you were Link in the beautiful land of Hyrule, and that makes the game so good that you can't say it's not fun. When you feel like the character, you just can't stop playing, even in the boring parts (in other words, the Water and Fire Temples). The different times you play and the many secrets hidden (I mean it, many secrets, I highly doubt you can get them all!) makes the game even greater, even more perfect.- Educative: I really don't know why this game is rated E for Everyone... I feel like the game has some scary parts (in other words, the cemitery and the Shadow Temple), so it should be rated T for Teen, even though it has no great violence, no red blood (just green blood sometimes). But you parents shouldn't worry about that. This beauty must be taken to your children.Overall, there's nothing to say. I don't know what you're doing reading my review if you haven't played this game yet. This is one of those games you must beat during your lifetime (The Wind Waker, the last game in the series, is very good, but it isn't nearly as good as Ocarina Of Time). It might take a long time for you to beat it if you're always busy, because the game is not short, but you must try. It'll be an unforgettable experience to be Link in Hyrule.
When the Nintendo '64 was first introduced to the public in 1996, the game "Super Mario '64" revolutionized the gaming industry with the introduction of 3-D gaming.  However, it wasn't until two years later that Nintendo really perfected the 3-D adventure genre with the release of "The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time"."Ocarina" is, for lack of a better word, a nearly perfect game in almost every sense.  The graphics are great (for N64 standards), the music is fantastic, the gameplay is smooth, and the story is incredibly engaging.  Much like the Mario franchise before it, the Zelda franchise (although already somewhat established on the NES and SNES) took a simple character (Mario to Zelda), put him in an interesting environment (Mushroom Kingdom to Hyrule), and pits him against fantastic enemies.Of course, perhaps the true greatness of "Ocarina" is its balance between the essential gameplay and the sidequests.  While this game added more depth (riding a horse, getting items that, while not vital to the outcome of the game, will help you, etc.) than any previous game in history, it also wasn't too complicated (see "Donkey Kong 64").  In the game, Link has a straight-forward mission and accomplishes each objective in sequence...you only need to pursue the frivolous things if you so desire.The quirkiness of the game is also charming.  Along the way, Link meets a talking tree, gets trapped inside a fish's belly, befriends the roly-poly Gorons, and liberates temples that each correspond to some sort of natural theme (forest, ice, water, fire, etc.).  The first time I ever played "Ocarina", and every time since, I found myself amazed by the crazy and colorful characters that Nintendo came up with for each area of the game.Finally, a great adventure games also needs to have an intriguing plot (i.e. the reason why the "Myst" computer game series was such a big success while its clones failed), which "Ocarina" delivers superbly.  Right away, you are drawn into the storyline that includes rescuing Princess Zelda, defeating the evil Gannondorf, and bring peace to Hyrule again.  I know it may sound cheesy, but without an engaging plot the game would have been little more than a sword-slashing RPG with a few puzzles thrown in.Thus, I recommend "Ocarina of Time" to all gamers, whether young or old, beginners or experts.  The difficulty curve is set as such that you will be able to steadily improve your skills in time to defeat each obstacle before you, while enough really challenging side quests exist that you can also hone your skills to a "tee" if so desired.  So whether you want to fire up the old N64, dust off the old Gamecube (for which a version of "Ocarina" was released), or buy the game on the Virtual Console of your Wii, do so with confidence that you will instantly be charmed by this amazing work of video game creation.
This is a great game to own I have and I beaten It  ten times and I sill play it the level's are pretty to look at the background's are ok it's colorful and a little rich here and there.Play through five world's there are:1 South Pacific2 Antarctica3 Area 514 London5 IndiaNew Moves, and Vehicles:Speed Dash, Monkey swing,  kayak and quad bike help Lara out of tricky situations.New weapons like:1 Grenade Launcher2 Desert Eagle3 Rocket LauncherIn the game fine the ancient meteor rumored to have life giving power's. HEY! get ready for anything.Kill or be kill by:1 Hyenas2 Monkeys3 Piranhas4 T-RexPS. save your heath pack you are going to need them.Be careful out there I would if I was you take It slowGOOD LUCK!!
Lara's back in the third installment of the "Tomb Raider" series. This time, it's better than ever! You can explore massive 3D levels in such locations as:India:1. Jungle2. Temple Ruins3. River Ganges4. Caves Of KayliaSouth Pacific Islands:5. Coastal Village6. Crash Site7. Mudabu Gorge8. Temple Of PunuLondon:9. Thames Warf10. Aldwych11. Lud's Gate12. CityNevada:13. Neveda Desert14. High Security Compound15. Area 1Antartica:16. Antartica17. RX-Tech Mines18. Lost City Of Tiken19. Meteorite CavernBonus Level In London: All HallowsLara kicks butt on her quest for the four artifacts as she battles enemy's like:Tony (India Boss)King Punu (South Pacific Island Boss)Miss Safai Lee (London Boss)Lara's Employer (Antartica Boss)Awesome gameplay and graphics, includes weapons such as:PistolsUzisShotgunMp5 Machine GunGrenade LauncherRocket LauncherHarpoon GunDesert Eagle ShotgunEven check out a cool feature where Lara can practice moves in her own estate!Tomb Raider 3 is unargueably the best Tomb Raider yet, keep an eye out for the newest Tomb Raider "Tomb Raider: Angel Of Darkness" for Playstation2 and PC.Here are the Tomb Raider series in a list of my favorites:1. Tomb Raider 32. Tomb Raider 4: Last Revelations3. Tomb Raider 5: Chronicles4. Tomb Raider 25. Tomb RaiderThanks for reading!!
Turok 2: Seeds of Evil is the sequel to Turok Dinosaur Hunter that not only surpasses that game in it's greatness but is my most favorite game in the series of four games that came out on the N64. Everything that made the original such a great game to play was improved upon, especially in the way of graphics. With the expansion pak, graphics had 'almost' a Playstation 2 quality to them. It's something that showed with this game. It showed in the textures of the environments, the details of the architecture, lighting effects and other eye candy. The game was also bigger and better than any other game, with the exception of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, in it's 32 meg cartridge. As you've probably read in the courtesy review, it's been stated to have over 45 hours of playtime. While I don't know about that, personally, as I hadn't checked where I stand within the game..one thing I do know is it's one lengthy meaty game to sink your teeth(playtime) into.While Turok 2: Seeds of Evil stood in the shadow of Rare's Goldeneye during it's release, Turok 2 still stands the test of time in terms of gameplay and is one game every Nintendo fan should add to their collection. If not for the fact that it had a killer storyline and an awesome arsenal of weapons to play with, then for the fact it was an absolute beauty of a game.
This game is fun. The visuals are impressive and the guns are frickin' cool and some fun multi-player. Play this game because you deserve something special. Unless youre a Dragon Ball Z fan.
Anyone who likes 007 would enjoy this game. great first person shooter! I will enjoy playing this game. The game play is a bit strange and hard to get use to because the aim and movement joysticks should be switched. The c pad on the N64 controller is hard to move with. Great game with practice!
Turok 2 when I was younger as a kid was amazing, no parents told me I was not aloud to play it because they never actually played it themselves to know. The graphical content and gore was stunning to my 5 year old eyes. The first level took me forever to beat and I only beat it once. Plus I didn't have a controller pak. Then came the day I bought it again for my n64, nothing looks more sexy than Turok 2 in a green nintendo 64. The first time I ever beat it and it took as long as it did to beat a metroid game and there are only 6 levels. Weapons in old games to begin with were always amazing. I was always able to hold as many as they would let me. Such as doom, Turok, South park, Armorines, perfect dark, etc. Then new games came along and ruined everything that is great about Fps. Sure they have better graphics and frame rate. But they are all the same to be honest. Emulators sucks ass I don't care if its rgb or not. But just old games from dos to the beginning game cube fps's are all I got. But something about the way a n64 looks and the way the graphics look on it just make me love it so much. To me it's the best looking system and has the best looking games. Turok tops it all! Way ahead of its time it set the standard of what the n64 was capable of. Turok 2 is on pc and n64. The n64 game had stencil bits and made the game take a hit in frame rate. Stencil bit shadows were a new thing in 98 so iguana tried it out. In my honest opinion I wouldn't have even cared if the shadows were just the classic circle or just no shadows at all. Still it is stunning the n64 could handle what was thrown at it. The AI in the game was the most fascinating thing I have ever seen in a game and still is. They are smart and fight one another (really fun to watch) I found the game to run best in Hi-res-LB and looks the best as well. The weapons are still the coolest weapons in any game on the face of this planet and all of them are uniquely different. My favorite weapons are the Tek Bow, Shotgun, War-blade, Razor-wind, Cerebral bore, Plasma Rifle, Mag-60, Grenade launcher, the kick ass Charge Rifle (ONE OF THE BEST LOOKING WEAPONS), Firestorm Cannon (like a mini-gun but different and bad ass sounding), Nuke, Flamethrower (The first fire to actually show 3D even in almost all games on n64), and the torpedo Launcher (because you can go through water faster). Music has always been one of my favorite things when it comes to games because the music sets the mood and Turok 2 has the best music in any n64 game I have ever heard, sorry Perfect Dark your music and K7-Avenger are great to but Turok is to bad ass. Iguana seemed to like it so much and acclaim that, that the music is in all Turok games as well as Vexx and Armorines and more have some similar sound. The multiplayer in Turok 2 to me is absolutely stunning (I run that in low-res) and is just as good as Goldeneye, Perfect Dark, The world is not enough, and Turok Rage wars. Quite a few games ran on the Turok engine as well. Armorines (a amazing game! Uniquely different yet just as awesome), and South Park (not many liked this game but to me it's like a mixture of Doom+Turok=South park!... The multiplayer is good to just don't go above 2 players.) So you see Turok 2 was used in many things and is an amazing game. Once you play it you will wish iguana and acclaim still existed. They were the company that developed and distributed games with their say so. Making their games unique. Most hated their games but they never looked at the work they did. Extreme G2 for example had so much done to it that it to suffered frame rate and certain levels were unplayable in single player Grand Prix but in time trials they all ran smooth and helped with remembering everything. Extreme g2 to me is the best out of the series. I have almost every game by Acclaim and love every game (except turok 3, its a good run the first time but compared to dinosaur hunter and seeds of evil it is crap). So Turok 2 is amazing! if you want to try it get it now! on n64 or even on PC! You will love the game and see all the death animations and creative designs and levels! Turok is the greatest fps try them all! (your own risk for 3 but a good to the collection) Dinosaur Hunter 1 amazing smooth game great n64 game, the first fps on n64. Seeds Of Evil 2 Worthy sequel and is amazing in graphics and game play. Shadow Of Oblivion a okay game for the first run but great for the collection. Rage Wars the true sequel or attachment to Turok 2 and has great multiplayer and just as bad ass guns. Evolution fantastic remake of the first Turok starring Tal'set and has amazing weapons and is the biggest game of them all featuring over 14 chapters and has awesome multiplayer. Turok PC,360,ps3 I played it on 360, Runs on the Unreal Engine (which is bad ass) a great game with good weapons (Why I liked it is because I was quick and accurate, I run faster than slow ass call of duty and has worthy death animations like Turok 2 but not as good and not as good music, awesome multiplayer [if anyone is on] and a good campaign). These are the Turok games! Which started out as comics and became life and were playable. Get Turok 2 you will enjoy it! And bring a few friends over! It is A True Turok Game and is worth being played even in todays cliche fps trigger happy CoD fans.
This is a great game if you are prepared to accept that this game really wasn't meant for the N64. The game has numerous slowdowns even if you have an expansion pak on the N64. Not everywhere, but anytime there are a bunch of explosions or a whole horde of enemies are following you then you will have some sorta slowdown. Now onto all the pros of this game.I witnessed this game before I played it. My friends were playing it when I was like 11 or so and this game scared me to death. I thought Reptoids and Endtrails were the scariest monsters ever. Capturing children not knowing what they were going to to do to them. This game saids its rated "M", but you really should play this when you are a kid. It's a whole lot scarier when you're a kid. Not so much when you're an adult. Either way this game gives off a very unsettling atmosphere. If you want a mindless shooter like the original Turok this game is not for you. The antagonists actually have a story this time.The enemy AI is very realistic. The monsters react with the precise speed and vitriol that makes sense.The graphics were probably the best graphics on the N64. Again, the N64 version has slowdowns, but at the time these were the best graphics we've ever seen in a video game and I still quite beautiful in retrospect.This game also have a variety of very orginally designed monsters. The raptors and Purrlin are still here, but they are way cooler and better equiped this time. You fight genetical engineered dinosoids, zombies, Purrlin (big apelike creatures), insects, spiders, cave dwellers (The Blind Ones), worms, a fat bitch that comes near the end, and even robots. All look bad ass looking and ready to kill you.The death animations are some of the best death animations ever made in the history of video games. In this game you litteral can blow someones head off, or a limb, or a whole torso.The weapon choice is also top notch. I'm sorry, but the Cereberal Bore was the coolest weapon ever thought of. That's just my opinion. There's just nothing better than locking onto an enemies head, shooting a bore, the bore drains the cereberal fluid, and then explodes when it reaches the center. Coolest weapon ever made. The Razorwind is also cheap as hell.I really can go on and on about how good this game is. This is probably my favorite FPS next toDoom both which are tied for first.
After playing "Turok: The Dinosaur Hunter" for ten minutes, I realized I had a great game at hand. It was like Mortal Kombat, except in a shooting-game. Blood everywhere, amazing enemies and weapons, and a good, good time. And I'll admit this; I don't actully play the Turok games. No, I'm sorry, I don't. It's not that their hard, or boring, but I don't play them...well, not without the cheats at least. As soon as I find out a new Turok game's coming, I get on the internet, go to Happypuppy.com, and find the Master Cheat. Yeah, it's pretty low, but it's fun to go in these blood-soaked shooter games. And the second one is no exception. I played this game without cheats for a few hours, made up my mind, and decided it was great, and would be even better with cheats.Half an hour later, I came back with the Master cheat in my hand, which is "BEWAREOBLIVIONISATHAND", or, if you break it down, "BEWARE OBLIVION IS AT HAND". Within minutes, I had an amazing arsenal, all maps, invincibility, and more by my side. The weapons...well, let's just say the first Turok can't touch them. You have the usual knife and bow and arrow, pistol, shotgun, and the rest, but you now also have a nuke, pod layer (which lays bombs on the ground and they explode on contact), a machine gun (as the first had, but this one's much better), the Cerebrial Bore (the most gory weapon of all. It launches out a little ball, and it goes straight for the enemies head. When it gets there, it starts sucking and draining blood form their head, then, after 5 second, it explodes, and takes the enemies head with it), my personal favorite, the Razor Wind (a shield with sharp edges on it. You throw it and it cuts up all enemies in it's path, then come right back to you. It can chop off just about any limb you throw it at; the head, the legs, and the arms), and another physical weapon, the War Blade. The name says it all.Overall, this game is a vast improvement, and is the best yet (but that might change as soon as I play "Evolution"). The graphics are great, awesome story, vast, detailed enviroments, and some hot blue chick that always pops up. What more could you ask for?
When I heard about turok 2 comming out I was so friggin phyced!I wasnt dissapointed.It was even bettter than the first.  It wasa little sci fi for me though.  And what was up with turok...He looked so young.  I really didnt get the story.  If you get the cheats its even better!  Even more awsome weapons for you touse.  You kick alien ass and take names!This is one of my favorite sequals for a video game.Its very original.  The game is frustrating without cheats butits really fun and cool.  Its pretty much as violent as thefirst one.I love this game!Great graphicsGreat gameplayGreat story....Kina confused with turok bein youngOVER ALLITS A GREAT GAME!WAY TO GO ACCLAIM!
no idea to say about that have same with twisted metal 2-4 and twisted metal small brawl I haven't play for long time.
I believe that any twisted metal game you purchase will be fun and exiting because, the fundamentals are the same throughout all the games. Seek out enemy, kill and move to the next level, and the cool thing is you are using cars to blow things up and getting to destroy others. Also the levels are locations that we all reconciles, so that adds to the fun. I like twisted metal 3 because they brought more of a 3D look to cheaters, locations, car, weapons and added new cheaters to the story as well as embellish on the story line. Yes the graphics are not all out there however, the game play is the same and for the most part is stood true to the twisted metal franchise that was created in the beginning. If you love twisted meat at all you will love this one. I have played all twisted metal games and for the most part I do like them all. And this one I really do like very much.
thank you for having this game and in its good conditionyou have increased my collection of games by one.
How can anyone not like this game? I don't know about you guys but i still like to play this as weel as twisted metal 2, even though i just got an 360, i will still play this whenever.
works just fine. old school just the way it should be. a huge improvement from twisted metal II.  Still old school graphics but it still is fun to play.
this is one old school fun game to fight against your friends.  you can not create any thing.  hours of fun from royal rumble to regular matches and there is quite a bit of people to play as.
This is and was the best wrestling game ever and the big bonus is it's WCW/NWO not WWE so all the wrestlers are awesome!
THQ's second American release is a huge leap in graphics from the original "World Tour" Dozens of wrestlers from the NW0, WCW, Raven's Flock, cruiserweights, heavyweights and some of which are made up for the game. The great thing about this game is it was back in WCW's hay-day when it had talented wrestlers, like Jericho, Benoit, Malenko and Raven, more talent means more moves, more moves means more fun. The only real modes other than battle royals, and handicapped matches are a series of championship tournaments to go through in a specific weight / talent class. There are incredible looking arenas even with an isle to brawl in and weapons that you can pull from the crowd and bring into the ring. The unfortunate part about this game is that it is dated, and it moves very slowly compared to Wrestlemania2000 and No Mercy.
This is my all time favorite wrestling game ever made I really enjoy this game alot the modes you have are exhibition tag team special matches like 2 on 1 you have also a 40 player battle royal which to me is my all time favorite feature in this game what so ever winning the titles in this game is alot of fun and to me this game is alot better than the overrated smackdown here comes the pain and it is alot easier than that game as well I don't get why people say smackdown here comes the pain is so great when in reality it sucks because the ai in season mode is very cheap and I hate ai like that but in this game on easy mode the ai is way to easy but to me this game is just awesome and I still play this game alot to this day I never get tired of it.
Greatest wrestling game ever, to this day. Not only does it feature the best wrestlers from the greatest time period in all of wrestlings history, but that greatness translates into the game. Fun, and very real controll like features. Can't say enough how great the game is.
I remember when this game first came out. It was mind blowing as to just how awesome it was! It had basically anyone & everyone you'd ever want in a wrestling game (minus some legends). And if you had 4 controllers & 3 friends.....It was going down for hours! Well, this game is still pretty cool despite it's age. The. Graphics obviously don't look as awesome as they used to. But still, they could look worse....And the gameplay is still easy to pick up & enjoy! Infact, I wish the wrestling games of today could get the controls simple & fluid as on this N64 game. If they could remake this game w/ an expansive create a player/wrestler and simple controls. I'd easily buy that too! I highly recommend this to anyone that is a game collector. Or anyone who hasn't played games of this era, but are getting older games. There is a crap load of characters, cool match modes. And as I stated earlier get controllers & some buddy's.
Great Game One Of The Best Of N64 Next To Paper Mario And Zelda OoT Ofcourse Anyway Buy It If You Have A N64 And Also Get wCw Nitro For PS1 Anyway BUY THIS AND NITRO AND THUNDER ALL FOR PS1.
I loved this game when it first came out, and to this day it's one of my favorites. The wrestlers (most of them anyway) have a whole lot of moves, and they are not all the same for every wrestler. The inclusion of the "real" wrestlers' signature moves is very cool. One of the things I especially like about the game is the number of wrestlers on it. There are 62 of them --- that's a lot more than a lot of later wrestling games have. A few of them are locked at the start, but they're not really that hard to unlock --- at least not with the difficulty level on "easy." Several wrestlers who were later on the Legends games (Hogan, Macho Man, Sting, Bret Hart, Steiners, and others) are here. Some of the wrestlers are made-up, or at least I assume they are. The graphics are good. The wrestlers are blocky, but the "real" wrestlers' faces are very realistic. The play control is very good --- a lot better than the play control on World Tour. The 40-man Battle Royal is really cool. There are several different arenas, which is kinda neat but (in my opinion) doesn't really do that much for the game. The sound effects and music are (in my opinion) not great but good enough. The wrestlers don't have individual entrance music, but oh well --- no biggie (again, my opinion). There is no commentary, but that's fine with me because I always turn off the commentary on games, anyway. One of my fave game features is the Costume Change mode. This mode lets you take wrestlers and put other wrestlers' outfits on them, and lets you edit the colors of the outfits. That's fun (I think so, anyway)! You can even change the wrestlers' names, but why would you ever really want to do that (unless maybe somebody [like Giant] has changed their name in real life)? There isn't much if anything about this game that I have any major complaints about. Sure, it's dated now, but I still find it as fun as I did back in 1998 (I think that's when it first came out). Just because something is old now, that doesn't mean it isn't still good!
i loved the first and second tomb raider's and this one is just amazing. i love the story, the graphics are good, the gameplay is really easy, and it's relatively easy. i know that many people say that this game is way too hard, but there seriously mistaken, it's really not that hard. it's much like the other tomb raiders. i still play it, it's such a good game.get this if you liked the other tomb raider games. and pay no attention to the reviews that give this game 1,2 or even 3 stars! just stick to that 4's and the 5's.oh, one more little thing... if you have vista or a laptop you may have some sound effect problems, but it usually fixes itself after you play it for a few hours.
For those of you who haven't played Super Mario 64, I would like to say on behave of all of us that have, "your truly missing out!" Super Mario 64 was the very first video game I ever played on my Nintendo 64, so my review could be a little biased, but I just recently replayed the game from start to finish and it still has not lost its touch. It's a game for people that love adventures, puzzles, shooting, and the occasional flying. It never seizes to get old and the graphics are as good as they can get for the Nintendo 64.The object of the game is simple, Bowser has kidnapped Princess Peach, and you, Mario (the greatest Plummer in the world), must save her. Bowser is hiding somewhere in the castle and you must find him by collecting all of the hidden stars scattered throughout various paintings that give Mario his power. To find Bowser, you must climb to the top of the tower. Each floor requires a certain number of stars that have to be collected before you can move on. Every painting that has stars in them are magical paintings that Mario can jump through to transport himself to a different world were he can explore for stars.Overall, I rank the game a 9/10 for its creativity and several different ways it keeps players focused and entertained. The makers of Mario did a fantastic job integrating so many different aspects of gaming, which in turn made it so great. I hope that whoever is reading this can come to their senses and BUY THIS GAME!
Even though this game is almost 4 years old-it is still one of the best games that the N64 has to offer.  Why?  Well dear reader I will tell you why.  SUPER MARIO 64 is a gaming revolution,  it was the game that everyone had to have.  It took Mario into a whole new atmosphere.  The world that is inside Princess Peach's(aka Princess Toadstool) castle is immense and highly imaginative.  Although the graphics may seem a little bit dated(it was a launch game remember that) it is still a sight to see.  As far as play control goes, it is a bit difficult to get the hang of moving Mario around, but once you get used to it then controlling Mario is a breeze.  In fact it is some of the best playcontrol that a game has to offer.  The Super Mario 64 storyline is familiar to Mario fans but at the same time a touch refreshing.  Yes Peach is captured but she is being held prisnor in her own castle(in a picture in fact), and one of the funnest parts of the game is hanging out outside.  One of my problems is that Luigi is not in the game, in fact no mention of him is made either.  Nintendo should have left the Mario Party franchise alone and focused on creating a Super Mario 64 2, but alas they didn't.  So if you own a Nintendo 64 and don't have this title, or are thinking of buying a N64, then get Super Mario 64 because it is by far a true gaming experience.
1996 was a fairly important year in the realm of video gaming. The Super Nintendo Entertainment System dies out in the United States. Diablo comes out for the PC. However, the biggest news is the launch of Nintendo's amazing new system: the Nintendo 64, which was lauded for its beautiful graphics and a brilliant new controller.Two games were released along with the system. There was Pilotwings 64, which was not exactly what was expected, but the other game was called the greatest game of all time (as of 1996, that is, at least in the eyes of critics) by several source. And it really was.The first thing that strikes your eyes is its delicious eye candy. The first thing that pops out at you after the title is Giles Goddard's Mario face. And boy does it look good! But enough with the intro. It's time to see whether the game itself passes the graphics test.Answer? Yes it does. Even after five years, Super Mario 64 is still one of the most beautiful games for Nintendo's crowning glory (speaking from a fanboy's POV.) The character and tree designs are very outdated by today's standards, but the water is still lovely (though surpassed) and some of the brick and stone backgrounds still are the most realistic that I have ever seen. Today the graphics would get a C by reviewers, but back in 1996, this game would get an A+.But who cares how it looks. Let's see how it sounds.The answer? Great! Before 1996, Nintendo fans never had a chance to hear Mario talk, but the first thing that greets you when you turn on the system is a jingle and the words "It's-a me, Mario!" and "Hello!" while a remixed version of the classic Mario theme plays in the back. But again, this is only the intro. The question is whether games sounds that good.The answer, naturally, would be even better. Mario comes packed with a large batch of sayings including "Mama mia!", "Here we go!" and "Press start to play!" Unfortunately, everything else (other than Peach and Bowser) don't talk in anything else other than words. But remember the fact that this is a first generation cartridge game, and if people complain for Zelda, then they shouldn't complain here.The music and sound effects are just divine. Outside the castle, you are greeted with the happy chirping of birds and the roaring of a nearby waterfall. Enter and the cozy castle theme starts playing. Each of the levels come equipped with music that ranges from peaceful to energetic to somber. The Bowser fight music ranges from rock to organ music, and it's all wonderful.Now that the graphics and the sound are out of the way, let's get into the meat of the game: the gameplay.The first thing most people would notice is how different this is from traditional Mario games. There are only 1-Up mushrooms, and the only pipe that appears is in the very beginning. However, Super Mario 64 is 3D, and most of those elements just wouldn't work in a 3D game.The story, according to the manual, is that Peach invites Mario over to the castle for a cake. When Mario reaches the castle, he is greeted with a gruff voice. Wondering what went on, Mario explores the rooms and finds a giant painting where he can jump in. There, he finds himself in a new world, with a giant Bob-Omb on the top. He fights and defeats it (you'll have to do that part yourself) and gets a star. Later, he learns that Bowser has attacked the castle, captured the Princess, stolen the Power Stars, and has sent his army to take over the worlds inside the paintings, then the world itself.Yeah, so it isn't much different from other Mario games, but that's not the point. The point is, there are 120 stars out there (although 70 is need to beat the game, but where's the fun in that?) for you to collect. Your misson to explore 15 worlds to find those 120 stars.Well, instead of having a Super Mario and a Mario like in past Mario games, Mario has 8 life bars. Hitting certain enemies would make him lose 2 life bars, as well falling from semi-high heights. Burning Mario's butt will make him lose 3. Certain other enemies and falling from really high heights will make him lose 4. But don't worry. Coins and water will replenish your health. If you lose all 8 or fall down a pit, you lose a life. But for every 50 coins you get with a star and every 1-Up Mushrooms, you get a life.Your moves include the standard running, punching, butt-stomping, as well as the kick, the long-jump, the wall-kick, the side-somersault, and the backflip. You can also swim! There are three special caps that gives you special abilities. The Flying Cap gives you the ability to fly. The Metal Cap gives you the ability to walk underwater and be immune to enemy. The Vanish Cap gives you the ability to walk through enemies and certain walls. Mario most employ all of those ablities to save the Princess and the world.The Nintendo 64 controller, with its analog stick, makes it possible for Mario to perform the tasks successfully. (Just imagine travelling in a 3D world with a D-pad.) Some people complain about the camera angles and how you have to control them with the C-button. It may be annoying at first, but eventually you'll get used to it, and it'll come naturally, and you'll learn to play with the bad angles.Super Mario 64 not only has good graphics, good sound, and good gameplay, but the fact that it is revolutionary (in that it brings gaming into the 3D world) makes it not only the best game of 1996, but possibly also the best game ever. That's right, even better than Castlevania and Super Metroid.
Super Mario 64 is a great game and is what I would call the best platforming game of all time.PROS+ Memorable music and imaginative courses.+ Game play is always straightforward and never confusing.+ 120 stars to collect for long playing time.+ Graphics were great back when it was made, and is not painful to look at now.CONS- While this game does have replay value, you aren't compelled to play again after you beat it. Give it a while and you will definitely want to play again.This game was not too hard for me, and I beat it when I was in the single-digits as a child. That given, it shouldn't be too hard for any age. Buy this game now if you haven't ever played it, since it is one of those video games you have to beat.
I only bought a N64 recently, but played it numerous times at friends houses.  I've already got a PS2 with 38 games, and 6 for the N64, and have played god knows how many others but I have to say that Super Mario 64 is on my top 5 list!
This game was the premiere launch game for the Nintendo 64 when it premiered and despite the fact that it is only a single played game, pulls off fun gameplay and great graphics. Despite the fact of newer systems like Xbox, PS2, and even Nintendo's own Gamecube, I would still be happy to have this game sitting on my shelf next to games like Red Faction and Halo. This game prved itself showing off the power that the Nintendo 64 had and showed it off to the loyal people who bought one instead of a PS-X and even those who (like me) bought both a Nintendo 64 and a PS-X. But, not to mince words I'll explain the game. You are Mario one of the most well known characters in video game history. You play through this adventure all in 3D. This was one of the true selling factors of this game as it was Mario's first true step into the Third Dimension (Hushed Gasp). But, the game sold great and over time has proved in it's own right that it is a classic.
Super Mario 64 is a game I've wanted to play for ages. I finally decided to purchase it and I was not disappointed. In my opinion Super Mario 64 is the best in the Mario series and one of the best games ever. This game was a breakthrough in 3Dplatformers and it's easy to see why. The 3D is great for its time and the style is incredible.The game is addictive as well. I would play for hours and hours and wouldn't want to stop, and Super Mario 64 does not get tiresome after you beat it for the first time.The plot is simple, Bowser kidnaps Princess Peach and Mario must save her. But the plot's not important in a video game. The game play is what matters.The game is fast paced and you always have new areas to unlock. Despite not having any other areas to go to outside of Princess Peach's castle there are tons of areas inside. Getting to new areas is simple. You need a certain amount of stars to unlock doors, and unlock enough doors to unlock boss doors. Overall, there are 120 stars in the entire game and I would recommend a guide because of how challenging it is.When battling Bowser in this game, I was disappointed. He's so easy. When I beat him the first time I was surprised how easy he was. It was more difficult getting to Bowser than it was battling him. But all three incredible boss stages that were before the battles are so much fun it makes up for it.There are also hidden items, characters and power ups for Mario to find.Now there are a few problems like any other game that I think are quite frustrating. Mario's controls sometimes are a little tough. His wall jumps have to be so precise and if you mess up you have to do it again and again, and the camera sometimes can be tough to use in certain areas. But, despite these problems it's still a great game.This game is a must own for Mario fans. While yet you must already know this since I'm writing this review thirteen years later. : )Super Mario 64 will always be known as one of the best 3Dplatformers in video game history.
I grew up playing Super Mario 64. If you are considering buying this game, don't hestitate or think twice. This game is really fun. It can keep you entertained for hours. The graphics are simply stunning even by today's standards, considering the age of this game. It is a CLASSIC, MUST HAVE for any N64 players, Mario fans or video game fanatics.
Super Mario 64 was the first game to be available for the N64. I remember the first time it came out, how it's graphics, music and gameplay really amazed me. Sadly, very few games came after it to give much competition. To this day, it still remains one of the best N64 games out there. The sheer scope of the game is enough to pick it up. It's made up of 20+ levels that can be played in a semi-non linear order. The graphics are bright and clear, and the animations are creative for each character. Gameplay is pretty deep, but extremely intuitive and becomes second nature after playing for a short time. The real plus in this game is the music, some of the most catchiest to be written for a game to date. Pick this one up for both its historical value and for the fact that its a great game.
This game is coooooollll! Me Abigail has this game and I have 120 stars. They were soo easy to find. I do not know how I became an expert at this. For your information, I am an expert in all of my video games. I must feel like the luckiest girl in the world. But I'll give you a little info:Title: Rainbow ride/ Star#2You'll have to take another magic carpet ride through low-flying areial obstacles to reach the cloud house. The blue blocks that float in your way are bigger on this carpet ride and you'll have to jump on them quickly before the carpet moves out from under your feet. The Magic Carpet will take you through the cloud house twice. On both trips, whatch out for the jet of fire that comes out from the fireplace! I'ts best to stay to the rear of the carpet until the fire is out, then go to theleading ledge of the carpet. If you get knocked off the carpet, it's a log trip back to a spot where you can remount it.( there's a warp to the top of the maze on the Cloud House Balcony.).
Still the best 3D game on the market. Challenging, tons of fun levels and amazing gameplay. A true model for 3D games.
When I first played Super Mario 64 as a kid, I was amazed. I never even had the game though. Heck, I never had a Nintendo 64. This game like many other Nintendo 64 titles encouraged me to go out and buy myself a Nintendo 64 16 years after its release. I used to play this game with friends and cousins. Playing it now brings back such great memories. This game is what a game is all about. An unforgettable story, an interesting environment, and overall FUN. This game doesn't get old. In my opinion, it beats out most modern games today. Super Mario 64 formed the basis for all 3-Dimensional video games. If you were considering getting this game, don't consider any longer. GET IT.
I don't know how many times I've played this game from start to finish.Like a lot of people my decision to buy a N64 was based on the Mario 64 commercials.The WOW factor was in full effect.When I got home and started playing it literally felt like the first time I experienced Atari or the Sega Genesis.Blown away would be an understatement.The game itself?Perfection even with a few minor things.The good.M64 ushered in a whole new age of platforming.Brought us 3D platfroming that was just about perfect in every way.The graphics for it's time were second to none.The control was spot on.The story line was simple but cute like all Mario games.Hidden secrets like being able to wall jump up to the roof.I could go on and on.......The bad?My only gripe is the camera.The camera can get quite wonky in places and funny...even to this day bad cameral angles still plague 3D games.Nintendo and other companies have for the most part gotten the camera down with the free moving camera feature. Too bad some companies are still completely clueless.To summarize.Perfection.Groundbreaking.A legend that spawned a thousand imitators, some good, most...not so good.Can't beat the original.Highest recommendations.
this is an amazing game. one that you can enjoy playing from the start to the finish.
This game is excellent....this game has state of the art graphics for its time....and it still looks perfect now in 2008...you must own this.
I got this game MANY years ago for the N64, and I just loved it! The game presented a large challenge, while at the same time made it very fun! The music is the best heard in a game, the graphics are superb for an N64 title, and this Mario game is a blast! I guess the most noticeable feature are the environments that the game provides. Every environment that Mario enters is just awesome! I especially love the Rainbow level and the Snow level where all of the penguins are. The best feature is the fact that every age group can enjoy the hours of entertainment from the game and they can all enjoy collecting stars from each stage to save Peach and defeat Bowser. Oh, by the way, the Bowser levels are AWESOME! Fighting Bowser himself is very fun as well! The game is also good in the fact that it provides unsatirical yet not stupid humor as well. This is great for younger gamers. I guess the worst part of Super Mario 64 is the lack of replayability. It's like Vice City where it will take months to play and finish the game, but once it's done, you won't want to play it again without getting bored. Once the ride's over, you'll feel like you can't go play it each day, and the game is kind of wasted in that aspect. Overall, if you are a fan of Mario or Nintendo, then this game may just be suited for your needs! My rating-9.2!
This game was a very fun game. You basicly go to a castle and you jump into a paintings.. each one leading you into a different world... and in every world... you have to find 7 stars... (one of em is the 100 coin star where you need to collect 100 coins then it pops up it's the hardest star to get)there's 16 worlds in all... most worlds take hours to complete so this game well be well worth it.. This game right here is history... It's one of Nintendo's biggest hits... and when you buy this game you'll soon find out why:).
The best game for the nintendo 64 IS THIS! Yhis game rocks really it does its one of the best n64 game i have ever played 10/10.
i thought i already rated this but i just love amazon dont you? even the reviews are hilarious that i found on youtube and go on smosh on twitter.
Good game for it's time period, kinda miss the old 64 graphics. The cartridge came before it's due date, and it works wonderfully. Thanks.
When I first saw Super Mario 64 in 1996 I had to pick my jaw up off the ground.  While 10 years have passed, I still consider this game of the finest pieces of entertainment I have ever seen.  The kinds of things that the development team pulled off in the mid 90s set the stage for all future video game development and it was, is and always will be groundbreaking.An achievement that should not be ignored and is still as much fun today as it was a decade (DECADE?!!?) ago.***** HIGHEST POSSIBLE RECOMMENDATION.
The 3D age began when Mario was in 3D. A gem for N64!Graphics: 10/10 For a 1996 game, these look great! It's clear and unfuzzy.Sound/music 9/10 Nice music and Mario talks!Gameplay: 10/10 Mario has to go through 15 vast, challanging worlds. Packed with a huge arsnel of moves, he searches for Power Stars in a "mission" there are also hidden stars in the castles! If you get all 120, you get a reward! Also, Mario has three cap Powerups: Invisibility, Metal, and Winged. You have to find them though.Believe it or not, I think this is one of the finest entries of the series. A must own! It's also being rereleased for the DS!
It was incredible to see this game when it came out in 1996, my brother and I had our minds blown. We lived in this game, and Mario Kart and thought entertainment would never be the same. Years ago, this was the one word on Videogames, it revolutionized everything and no one has duplicated it. A must-own and play. It's...just incredible.
This game was one of my favorite games on the N64...one of 10 or 12...anyway, this game is stunning graphicly (for it's time) and the gameplay is a blast and challengingyou can find this game on any emulator site...check it out.
Super Mario 64, is a Classic pure and simple. And, there's not much else I can say. It's a really good game, With alot of stuff that's fun to come back and do. You, can fly around with your Wing cap, Or Slide down a huge sliding board of Ice! Mario 64 is Pure classic, Pure fun.
This is a top classic Mario game. I would highly recommend getting it if you love the Mario series! Very good game!
I stand behind this game being the best Super Mario game nintendo has produced. Too bad it was on a system that people didn't enjoy - too many complaints over the control and the game selection and graphics capability it was a true underdog. But Super mario 64 has so many good qualitiesthis game takes forever to beat. Some may think this is a nusance but its filled with many many wonderful levels of funeach level is unique and its organized in a wonderful fashion, you never get too confused in nagivating the gameThere is ALWAYS something new to find, and many races and somewhat minigames that are actually entertaining and not ultimately annoy you.You get frusterated when you lose, you realize this isn't some easy game  you can breeze through, its actually difficult - appreciate that challenge because challenge is hard to come by in games these days.Graphics aren't overdone. Good, you can find flaws, especially these days, the angles may alert some gamers as being old fashioned, but think about it like this... its not 2D. lol.Overall, I love this game. Without a doubt, I consider it amongst the top 3 of my favorite games. If you haven't played this game, you are really missing out on something, go play it, you'll see how fun and exciting this game can be. and believe me - it only gets better.
the original party game. the nostalgia that this game brings back makes it a must buy!one of the best games of all times.
So what is Mario's quest this time? Save the Princess "Peach" by defeating the evil Bowser, while collecting 70 stars in only 15 levels (all 15 levels are contained in 1 huge castle). It might not be the best Mario game, but it offers a new 3D world and a whole new realism. It also has new features such as an energy feature, where rather than collecting power-ups like the fire flower, you now collect a gold coin and you get a block of energy back! Now Mario has far more of an offense rather than just stomping enemies, he can now throw punches, kicks and slide into enemies, making full use of the 3D plane. The enemies come to life in 3D, such as huge chain chomps, menacing goombas and annoying koopas The graphics could have been better, because they make enemies out of simple colors rather than textures like more recent games have. The music and sound effects are nice, because Mario now has a voice to be heard. There are however only minimal power-ups, such as Mario's Winged hat, which allows him to fly, and Mario's steel cap, making him invincible.
i dont think i really need to tell you why this game is amazing if you have played it you already know.
In these decades of the digital world with superior hardware and high definition graphics, I don't believe gamers will ever encounter the same life changing experience as those who have first hand seen Mario evolve into a 3D masterpiece.  The Nintendo 64 is the best console of its time HANDS DOWN!! and Super Mario 64 is a MASTERPIECE.
Probably the most epic of the first generation of 3D platformers, and certainly one of the most well-known. With 120 stars to collect, you can spend quite a bit of time working up the perfect game. Just don't go for that &#34;unlocking Luigi&#34; nonsense. It was all an urban legend.
Here's a cool trick!(you have to have the 2nd key you get from Bowser)Topic:Snowman has your hatSent in from:AnubisGet your blown off by the big snowman. Don't pick your hat up at all. Instead go get a star (It dosn't have to be a new star)and save and turn off N64. Wait 10 seconds.....now turn N64 back on.Go back to that level and one of the little snowmen that pops out of the snow will have Mario's hat on their head.
Where are all the green pipes!!!Why is there no coin counter for running around the Castle! There are coins all over the place! I want to collect a 100 coin castle star! Did you even think before you sent this to production BRO! Is this even this games final form?!?THE CAKE WAS A LIE!!!
I have been playing video games for years. My first console was the original Nintendo and then the Super Nintendo followed by the Nintendo 64. Super Mario 64 came out when I was about 10 years old and it was an instant hit. Super Mario 64 was the greatest Super Mario game of them all. My nephew has a Nintendo 64 and he wants some new games for his birthday. I thought what's better than Super Mario 64. I bought this for his birthday and he will love it. I would recommend Super Mario 64 to anyone who wants to play a fun and family oriented Mario game.
I Love this game it's the best Mario game on Nintendo 64. It is fun and everyone would love playing this game.
This is one of the best games ever made for the N64 console.It will always be a reminder of my younger years and my kids love it.
This is a change of pace for Mario. Its 3D and you have to do tons of missions for each level.While this adds depth do the game it can also make you really frustrated(especially because the N64 controllers are so awkward) when you go to a mission and its really difficult to complete it. My advice is that you should take a break from that level and play an easy,fun one.I wish this game didnt have so many jumping styles though. Mario Sunshine is a thing for us to look forward to but will at be an action/adventure game like this one? Is Bowser even in it?We don't know yet. The one thing we do know is that the Game Cube controller is easier to use than the N64 one and that the new Mario game's guide will be easy to look for. While I still say Super Mario Bros 3 is the most fun Mario game of all time, this one comes close. I prefer Sonic Adventure though. Im not even all that good at most video games (including Mario 64)but even I can tell that Mario 64 is a classic just because the levels Ive completed were so fun and still are.
This is so classic and we love it! Don't forget to buy a rumble pack so you can feel when you crash or go over the railroad tracks!
This game is really good. It was the launch title for the Nintendo 64. It's a full 3D world. The objective of the game is to collect the Power Stars in Princess Peach's Castle to get to the top of the castle to fight Bowser and save the princess. 70 stars out of the 120 are required to face Bowser. This game is really big too; you can fly, turn invisible and go through certain types of walls, and turn into metal! The game is really good and I would recommend this to anyone who has a N64. If you don't have a N64, you can get it from the Virtual Console service on Wii for about 10 bucks.
One of my all time favorite games for the Nintendo 64! I missed playing this and finally ordered the game just to feel the nostalgia, ha. The game works perfectly, and I feel like a little kid again fighting bowser :D.
This game is great and fun to play. They are many powers that you can get like flying and so on. The color of the background is alright. The color look's smooth and rich and bright.There are lot of bosses that you have to beat and alot of stars to find. In order to fine them look very, very, hard you never know a star could be under your nose.The level's are cooler and better than the other old mario games that I playden in a long time.The level's can be very very hot or very cold places or the level's can have water so you have to swim. Or some of the level's can be nice or normal.In the game Mario can do some cool moves like back flip and so on. In the level's you don't get one star there are many star's in one level. Each level has many star's to fine. Get the star's and be very very powerful.
MY NEPHEW IS HAVING A BLAST PLAYING MARIO AGAIN. THANK YOU HE PLAYS IT ALL THE TIME AFTER SCHOOL, ITS HARD FOR ME TO TAKE HIM AWAY FROM THE GAME.
Super Mario 64 is one of the most amazing games I've ever played. In fact, it's my second favorite game of all time, next to Super Mario Galaxy. You get to explore the large levels freely, and do most of the levels in any order you want. Gameplay and controls are simple and easy to pick up,  but they're very fun. Not only do the good graphics look 3D, but the music also sounds 3D. Some things in this game are just too great for words, it's easily the game of the decade for the 90's, easily beating out Super Mario World (The second best), which is amazing. This game is far supirior to that overrated Zelda Ocarina of Time. I rate this game 100/100. It's Perfect!
This great game is commonly overshadowed by the INFERIOR N64 Zelda games. If you have the N64 without this game, what are you waiting for? Buy this game! Super Mario 64 has GREAT gameplay, sound effects, music, graphics, and an excellent intro to top it all off!
Super Mario 64 one of the greatest games for N64.Story/Plot: the Story begins with a letter from Princess Peach inviting Mario to come to her castle for a cake she has baked for him. However, when he arrives, Mario discovers that Bowser has invaded the castle and imprisoned the princess and her servants within it using the power of the castle's 120 Power Stars. Many of the castle's paintings are portals to other worlds, in which Bowser's minions keep watch over the stars. Mario explores the castle for these portals to enter the worlds and recover the stars. He gains access to more rooms as he recovers more Power Stars, and eventually traverses three different obstacle courses, each leading to its own battle with Bowser. Defeating Bowser the first two times earns Mario a key for opening another level of the castle. After Mario defeats Bowser in the final battle, Peach is released from the stained-glass window above the castle's entrance. Peach rewards Mario by kissing him on the nose and baking the cake that she had promised him.Gameplay: Each course is an enclosed world in which the player is free to wander in all directions and discover the environment without time limits. The worlds are filled with enemies that attack Mario as well as friendly creatures that provide assistance, offer information, or ask a favor (such as pink "peace-loving" Bob-omb Buddies). The player gathers stars in each course; some stars only appear after completing certain tasks, often hinted at by the name of the course. These challenges include defeating a boss, solving puzzles, racing an opponent, and gathering coins. As more stars are collected, more areas of the castle hub world become accessible. The player unlocks doors in the castle with keys obtained by defeating Bowser in special courses. There are many hidden mini-courses and other secrets to the game, most containing extra stars needed to complete the game entirely. Some courses contain cannons that Mario can access by speaking to a pink Bob-omb Buddy. After entering a cannon, Mario can be shot out to reach distant places. When the player has the Wing Cap equipped, cannons can be used to reach high altitudes or fly across most levels quickly.The gameplay and control is fricken awesome u can control mario in more ways then 1.Power ups: Some courses have special cap power-ups which augment Mario's abilities. The Wing Cap allows Mario to fly; the Metal Cap makes him immune to most damage, allows him to withstand wind, walk underwater, and be unaffected by noxious gases; and the Vanish Cap renders him partially immaterial and allows him to walk through some obstacles such as wire mesh, as well as granting invulnerability to some forms of damage.Abilities: Mario can wall jump, long jump, and many more.Music: the Music is all original nothing has been copied but the game music is awesome for each stage. In short Super Mario 64 is a great game and it deserves respect.This game is a must get in your video game collection. This game also started the trend where super games have 64 in their name for example Donkey Kong 64 Super Mario Kart 64 Pilotwings 64 and Super Man 64.Story 5/5 Gameplay 5/5 Music 5/5 Powerups 5/5 Overall 10/10 = A+.
The kids play this game at least once a week since they've had it so yes its worth the money.
This is everything I thought It would be. It was the first game I got when I got my n64 and it was great.
I played this game when it first came out at a friends house but i never bought it. I was not that in to the 64 back then. But now i think it is very fun and entertaning. The graphics r good for the 64, including that it was the first game ever for it. That is why almost everyone who has a 64 has this game. If u take the snes newest games graphics compared to this game, which is only a couple years apart, these graphics seem life like. It has a great adventure but its weird that Luigi is not in this game. It adds much more new items,charecters,and levels. I like that it is first person view unstead of the side view like on the past marios. Ever since this game most marios have been first person view. This is why i want sm64 ds, it is like the 64s but different graphics and differnent layouts. I will get the ds one in the future but thats a different story. Like i said, my top favorite game today.
Okay so when I decided I wanted to buy a "new" nintendo 64, my brain automatically said "now where can I find super mario". Hours upon hours were spent on this game when I was a tweenager and I had so much fun with it. So I went out as soon as I could and bought it again.I was kind of worried, because I had gotten some games with my system that I used to this were fun also but they ended up being a little too easy since I'm older now, but when I got this and played it it was exactly the same. Some easy levels, and some that take forever to get through, but in a good way.I have had it for a month now and haven't gotten bored with it yet. So I recommend this game to people of all ages. I even let my 3 year old brother try it out and he had a blast, even though he had no clue how to really navigate 100%.BUY IT.
it's a great game but you can get the same thing on your ds for a lot cheaper  so if you like portable devices get it on your ds.
Okay,the game is very addicting. The sound,graphics,gameplay is all great! But I discoverd something else funer. Super Mario 64 DS. That game is way better. This game is good but that game is something you can't keep your eyes off. Remember when you finish the game and eyerything to do and ther'es nothing left to do, well this DS game has mini games. They are very addicting and fun! You can draw on this as well. The adventure mode takes longer folks. You can play as Yoshi,Luigi,Mario Wario. In The beginning of Super Mario 64,you could just walk in. But thwe DS version is different. You have to collect a rabbit to get in. There is more room's in this castle too with more levels. Instead of collecting 120 stars. You have to collect 150. If you don't have enogh money for a DS and the game but have a N64,dust off the original and have some fun. Or go out and buy your DS and game. Get whatever. You have to play this though. If you don't think I'm right,then you will be sorry.
I think Mario is a  great game. Fighting Bowser is the funnest part in this game. The best part is when you see Yoshi. Yoshi gives you 100 lives. It's fun looking for Mario's cap when Mario loses his cap. The game is one of the first 3D and is very good game for N64. Even thoughGameCube has the best graphics, the game is very graphical game.The game may have many challenges, even after you get 120 stars. This Mario game is very fun for N64 and I have to say this is one of the greatest hits I've ever had for N64.
Hello again, friends. What bad can be said about Mario 64? The polygons are smooth as silk, very, very, VERY rare slowdown, and the Mario we know and love.Can anyone guess what plumber's job is in this game? It's to traverse 15 levels in search of Princess Peach. On the way, you have to stomp on Bowser's head. Thrice. All your favorite enemies are back, with the exception of Koopa Troopas. The goombas, shy guy, the Lakita Brothers, the moles, Bob-ombs, everyone's back!At a graphics standpoint, Super Mario 64 is absolutely outstanding in every way, shape, and form. Kudos to Nintendo. 5 out of 5 for graphics.A great soundtrack and a great Mario voice make for a great overall sound. 5 out of 5 for sound.The huge worlds will keep you coming back for more. There is no way to put this thing down. 5 out of 5 for replay.The final score? Go look at the stars.See ya later. Go buy this game. Merry Christmas. Luv ya.
I didn't use to be into Mario or Kirby but now I like them both as much as I like the Legend of Zelda series I still have many more games to purchase based on those 2 characters. But I think SuperMario 64 is a great story game a killer for the old games meant for the gameboy. So enjoy!
Greetings, I am Oklonia. My review of Super Mario 64 is right here.Super Mario 64 is a game that all master N64 gamers have to own!I don't even need to tell the story. What's happened? The same traditional story: Bowser kidnaps Princess Toadstool,Mario finds the princess, rescues her, and destroys Bowser.Capcise.The courses and star's names are quite creative. (e.g. Lil' Penguin Lost) They are more riddles though.The graphics are so sharp looking and realistic, that maybe just a few could go on GameCube. (GCN)Despite a few annoying sounds and no multiplayer mode, Super Mario 64 is really super!This has been Oklonia.
&quot;Super Mario&quot; is arguably the most successful and most recognizable brand name in the history.  It seems that every time Nintendo releases a new episode in the series, it hits video gaming gold.  From the earliest release of the original &quot;Super Mario Brothers&quot; on the original Nintendo Entertainment System, it has always been a hit.  Even lesser known titles in the series, like &quot;Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island&quot;, stay faithful to the series and produce very entertaining gameplay.  With the dawn of Nintendo's three dimensional, 360 degree rotating platform, Nintendo 64, the question became, &quot;Could Nintendo maximize the potential of this new platform and give Mario a fresh angle?&quot;  The answer, in the form of &quot;Super Mario 64&quot;, proved to be a quite emphatic &quot;YES!&quot;&quot;Super Mario 64&quot; takes the technique of 'multiple goals' for each level (introduced in &quot;Super Mario World&quot;) and expands it in a quite impressive manner.  There are 15 worlds Mario must navigate in an effort to free the Princess who is trapped in paintings in her castle.  The goal is to accumulate at least 70 stars to unlock the passage way the final battle with Bowser.  As each world contains 7 stars of its own in addition to 15 bonus stars around the castle, it would seem to be a walk in the park.  However, all is not as it seems.  Several of the doors leading the different worlds are sealed off either by locks or star requirements.  Therefore, there is a limited amount of ways to accumulate the necessary stars until more stars are attained or earlier battles with Bowser are won.  Of course, this leads to a journey through amazing worlds were Mario travels the depths of the ocean, soars in the open sky, battles over scorching lava, and even gets to sneak through a haunted house.  The variety of worlds and objectives are truly amazing, as are the new moves Mario can make to help accomplish these goals.  No longer content to just move forward and jump, Mario can now do backflips, long jumps, wall leaps, and crawls.One other aspect of &quot;Super Mario 64&quot; that makes it standout is its use of rotating camera angles to track Mario's movements through each world.  It takes some getting used to, but it enables a truly three dimensional feel.  This is game that Nintendo built its release of Nintendo 64 around.  It delivered magnificently then and, with its continual replay value, still delivers today.
Super Mario 64 was and still is one of the best and most revolutionary video game ever made.  The game was a launch title for the Nintendo 64 and boy did the game make its mark on the console.  Sure we have games like Banjoe Kazooi, Ocarina of Time but this game was the first to come out and is still an instant class and started many many famous game rippoffs(Like many people say Banjoe Kazooi was a ripoff but I DIDN'T SAY THAT so don't flame me!)but that's beyond the point, this game is still one of the most beloved video game ever.  When Super Mario 64 launched with the N64 it was indeed a very revolutionary game, it was the first game to present 3d platforming, state of the art graphics and some of funnest/best gameplay you'll see in platforming/action games.  The game is HUGE!  In Mario 64 you WILL be going through many, many stages to collect stars so you can unlock more areas for more stars and ultimatley put the evil bowser to an end and once again save Princes Peach.  I was one of many people who first played this game back when it launched with the Nintendo 64 and when you compare it to todays games the game(to many, but not me)looks terrible but you gotta understand, the time this game was released(96')it was INFACT the best looking video game ever.....period...and even today when I play this classic, it still looks amazing!  Call me crazy but I seriously still think this is one of the best looking video games of not only the mid 90's but even today, it is still marvalous!  The music in Mario 64 was just plain perfect, the music blended in with the games levels and star hunting, words cannot explain how well Miyamoto and Nintendo did for the music,it's just plain good!  The controls are also tight and well focused, I especially love the array of moves Mario has and although the controls may feel abit clumsy at times it never bothered me once!  As for camera, yes there were times were I wanted to break the tv but the reward and satisfaction of getting a star after that trouble feels so good!  Audio, controls, graphics are all A+ and as for gameplay?...Well it depends..Do you like platforming/action/exploring/collecting games because you will be collecting pretty much for the whole game(Stars, duuhhh)and if the answer is yes then this may be the best game you've ever played!  Now for me the gameplay was truly fun and innovative, I never got bored once in this game.  It's so fun, hunting for stars never gets annoying or frustraiting!  Speaking of difficulty the game is perfect, it's not hard nor is it easy like pie(acctually I take that back, for many people this game will be easy if you wanna just beat the plot)but it just gets it right on difficulty, I don't remember ever being frusraited or angry with the game(then again I never did try to get all 120 stars)and just having a great time with the game...it seriously is one of the funnest experiences I've ever had with a game and as I said before....this game is revolutionary!  Now that I'm done ranting and talking about this game I'll just get to it quickly...The Good-One of the best and most revolutionary game ever..period-Back then and even today it is still one of the best looking video games ever made-Loads of things to do-Not hard, but not too easy, it's juuuust about right-The game is just plain fun, the moves, the platforming, collecting, ect-Collecting stars is really fun!-The music in this game is just plain fun to listen to!!-Though the bosses are easy I still think they're just classics!-Will take a very long time to get all 120 stars, and collecting 120 stars means spending lots of time with this amazing title-The worlds and places you visit are all so different and an amazment to look atThe Bad-Some may feel that game is feeling abit dated now(the game is pretty old now!!)-Some will find the graphics to be "terrible" or just "bad" which I find hard to believe-People who just want to beat the games plot and nothing els shouldn't even touch the game(because the game doesn't take too long to beat for plot and if you're planning on not having a fun time with the game and just wanting to beat the game and getting it over with, what's the point of that?)-Some will be angry with the camera-Alot of people today or in the future may get this game and probably nag about how easy the bosses are well cry me a river, if you want a hardboss go play something els....other then that get ready to play one of the best games ever...Overall Super Mario 64 stands up on its own.  The game was indeed revolutionary and braught us amazing visuals, superb gameplay and great controlls aswell as a fun adventure/like plot with lots of collecting to do.  The games music was just great to listen to, the places the game takes you are just so fun and innovative and the moves/mechanics that are enabled for Mario(though limited)are great!  The game is just plain great!  As I stated before, it is one of the best video games ever made and it indeed gets a perfect5 out of 5 stars.....
The Mario series from Nintendo has consistently produced games that are refreshing and innovative, not to mention extremely addictive and fun to play.  First there was the original Super Mario Brothers and Super Matio Brothers 3 for the NES, to Super Mario World for the SNES, and now Super Mario 64 for the N64.  The game is 5 years old now, but it's still just as fun to play as ever.  The graphics and sound make excellent use of the N64's capabilities to create a 3D world that was just jaw-dropping in 1996 and is still pretty awesome today.As others have said, the basic story of the game is classic Mario:  Bowser has kidnapped the Princess, and Mario must rescue her.  To do this, he must collect a minimum of 70 stars from the 15 worlds in the game.  These worlds are accessed by jumping through paintings and other objects scattered throughout the Mushroom Castle, plus there are 15 stars contained within the castle itself.  Although you only need 70 stars to finish the game, there are a total of 120 stars available for collection, and you won't be satisfied until you have collected each one.  The 15 worlds have varying levels of difficulty, but each and every world has some easy stars and some that are very difficult.  It took me about 100 hours total to collect all 120 stars and rescue the Princess the first time.  Each level has a different theme.  Some are on mountains, some are in water-filled caves, and there is one set inside a giant clock.  My personal favorite is the haunted house level.The gameplay in Mario 64 is exceptional.  Mario has many different types of moves, ranging from tiptoeing around sleeping enemies, to a great long jump, to a very difficult-to-master wall jump.  You must master all the moves if you expect to get all 120 stars.  Also, there are three special hats scattered throughout the game that allow Mario to fly, walk underwater, and become invisible.  Again, all are vital for 120 stars.After you finally win, you might expect that you will never want to take on such a huge task again.  But, such is not the case.  Even though you have all 120 stars, you can go back to levels you have beaten and play them over and over, as much as you want.  You'll be tempted to do just that.  The experience of playing through the incredible world of the Mushroom Castle is such that you will be coming back for many repeat visits.
This is easily the best game I've ever played.  I played it back when it was first released for the N64 and at the time there was nothing else like it on any of the other platforms. It led the way for 3d gaming which is of course the norm now.  To this day I still get nostalgic and pop the cartridge in on occasion just to run around in the various worlds. The graphics still look pretty good and the game play is still fun.  A simply incredible game.
Right off the bat, before it came out, you'd probably wonder how would you ever imagine Mario in 3D. Well, here's your answer: Mario 64.There's 15 huge courses with 7 missions in each (Counting 100 coin stars), with stars for rewards. Those stars help you unlock more levels.At the time, no one ever saw anything like this before. Although the graphics look fairly primitive now, they were still eye candy for most Mario fans, especially back then.Super Mario 64 plays how a 3D game should be played like: With a free camera, flawless control, and extremely playable environments.Getting all 120 stars is the real challenge. (SPOILER ALERT) If you do manage to get them all, you get to visit Yoshi on the castle roof and he will give you 100 lives along with an improved triple jump move.Overall, you know what I want you to do, so do it. Buy the game.
Id like to say this game is surprisingly easy(thats a good thing) if you play all the cards right.I got in July of this year and beat it today.The game has great visuals and music and I cant be the only one who feels a tinge of sadness when the screen says The End.I get the feeling not because its a disappointment(it isnt at all) but because it was a real great game with a real great story.Thats also why I like playing it again and again.Nintendo 64 isnt the best Nintendo system of all time (that title belongs to Game Cube) but Mario 64 is one of the greatest games ever made.I feel anxious to put more N64 games into my collection.Ones like Ocarina Of Time,Banjo Kazooie and Majora's Mask. The N64 was slightly disappointing because there just arent enough quality games for it but Id be lying if I said it doesnt have at least 4 classics.Still the time has come for you to get a Game Cube.Namco's Museum is out for it so is Super Mario Sunshine,Metroid Prime,Sonic Mega Collection,Star Fox Adventures,Super Smash Bros Melee,Resident Evil,Super Monkey Ball 1 and 2 and upcoming attractions.Dont be afraid to buy a new Nintendo system but remember to keep the N 64 always.
A fun game all the way!! You just can't get enough of this fantastic wonderful game!!!!!!
love it the kids love it and its not xbox 360 lol moms and dads and some grand parents would love it too.
This is it! The ground breaking game that shot the Nintendo 64 sells thorough the roof and off to space! Super Mario 64 is a game that cant be found anywhere else! It is truly amazing in every aspect from stunning graphics to superbly versatile gameplay. I just couldnt believe that this game could be this good even though it is so old!(yes, it is OLD now!) This game was so dang much fun that they even made it for Nintendo DS! If you are looking for one amazing game and own the best system ever made(Nintendo 64-NOT Xbox, Playstsion 2, or Xbox 360) then look for Super Mario 64. You will not be dissapointed. Guaranteed!
We had this game before and as the years went by, it became defective. After searching and searching it finally became available and we had to get it.
My six year old grandson has had many hours of enjoyment especiall after receiving this cartridge and his console which shipped in another order. Everything was smooth and merchandise arrived in excellent condition and in time prescribed.
Stupid Sony... they forced 3D games out before anybody was ready. Nintendo was forced to cancel many Super Nintendo games (Doom FX, Star Fox 2, Mario FX) and release the Nintendo 64. Many popular 2D games failed in full 3D. Castlevania, Mega Man... they failed and have not been revived. Did Mario succeed? YES! This game is a legend. I heard about it in 2009 (not 1996) in a Nintendo Power magazine simply titled "Mario". I did not own a Nintendo 64 (this was 2009). The only system I had was an original Wii that we used for Mario Kart. I was somehow able to persaude my parents to buy me a Wii Point Card with 2000 points on it (enough for Mario 64 and Super Mario Bros 3). I downloaded it and was greeted with a happy Mario face that said "HELLO!". Soon I was distorting him to where he had no moustache and had big ears. Then I started the game and got a message from Peach. In her girly princess voice she read the letter, which told Mario she had baked a cake for him. The plumber could not resist and jumped out of a warp pipe onto the castle grounds. I had never played a 3D Mario Game. I stuck to Animal Crossing, Mario Kart, My Sims, and Wii Sports (I was 8 years old). After a little bit of exploring I entered the castle. Instead of a cake Mario got a scary message from Bowser (Who ate cake, I guess). Soon I was hiking up a hill to meet a giant king bomb complete with a moustache and crown. He told me (using fancy king words) that in order to get the bomb I had to defeat him. I defeated him and moved on to the next level, a giant fortress ran by slabs of concrete with faces. Then I started level 3, a snow level. What a level that was! Finding baby penguins, building snowmen, sliding down a slide. Then my parents walked in. My mom said "YUCK! What are those dots supposed to be?". Those dots were snow flakes. My dad said "Are those graphics... 64 bit?" I had not even realized the graphics were bad because I was lost in the creative levels. Each level had an original design with interesting puzzles and obstacles put in the way of the star. Each boss was different and interesting. The graphics are outdate, so what? This, along with Mario 3, really changed my view of video games. Now (in 2012) I have almost no respect for high-powered consoles like the Xbox 360. Kids should play these old games. How hard is it to get kids a $20 card so that they can enjoy a unique classic like this? The challenge is not too much. If you get stuck on one level you can try another. This is a beautiful game that put the Nintendo 64 to its limits.
When this game came out, it was like a historic event.  It felt like there was no longer a limit to what video games could do.  Every toy store had a booth set up where you could give this game a try.  It was amazing to play and amazing to see.This game is still amazing.  The play control is amazingly smooth, and you can make mario do some unbelievable things.  The worlds are amazing.  You can go wherever you want to go, do whatever you want to do.Just look at the difference between this game, and the original Super Mario Bros. for NES.  My gosh, the difference is astounding.  It's amazing how Nintendo could take something so great and make it hundreds of times better in less than two decades.  Sometimes I love progress.
When "Super Mario 64" was released ten years ago, it was instantly the best video game ever created. Simply put, playing this game was a magical, imagination/mind-opening experience; almost a mystical one, in fact. This euphoric feeling and sense of awe that we felt the first time we played this game would never again be matched, at least up until this stage in the video game realm. What made it so amazing was the fact that Mario, who had only existed in 3D in our minds as kids, had now become like the cartoon character we watched on the "Super Mario Brothers" cartoon. The days of Nintendo's rule were the great ones in video games, and it's a shame that kids nowadays won't get to grow up with Mario like us generation x-ers. Every Mario game, for me, was truly magical, but Super Mario 64 was truly revelatory. I spent years of my life playing this game (literally), and still play it more today than another other game available, for any other system. Unfortunately, this was one of the few true masterpieces for the Nintendo 64, and Sony took over with the PlayStation. For me, however, Nintendo and Mario are what video games are all about, and Super Mario 64 was the pinnacle of the entire industry.
One of the best games of its time, and is still considered by many to be one of the best games ever made. I highly recommed this game.
I remember the first time I laid eyes on this game. I had been hearing about how awesome the Nintendo 64 was going to be from schoolmates as we eagerly anticipated the USA release of this system. I remember hearing how in demand it was and the ensuing shortage for the upcoming Christmas before I even saw it. Then one day I was Christmas shopping with my dad and happened to come across a demo set-up in the mall, and I finally got to see what the massive hype was about.The game was bright and colorful, and Mario was fully 3D. A large crowd had gathered around to catch a glimpse of the latest in video game technology, and I only lingered for a moment, yet my first impression is still fresh in my memory. Mario 64 looked like nothing I had ever seen before, and also looked leaps and bounds better than anything I had ever seen on Playstation, Sega Saturn or any other system. I was very impressed.Several months later, I finally saved up enough money to purchase the system bundled with Mario 64. I loved the game dearly back then, and to this day I still love this game. It still looks, feels and plays unlike any other game that came out during that era. While Zelda Ocarina of Time is similar graphics-wise, that game is so great in it's own right that both games deserve to be recognized separately.Mario 64 is a perfect launch game for the Nintendo 64 home console system. Looking at the controller for the N64, one might have been understandably skeptical due to the layout. However, Mario 64 is actually very easy to control and is a good introduction to getting gamer's accustomed to the new feel of the controller and it's new button layout.When I say the controls for this game are very simple, I must also mention that Mario is capable of many actions. Mario can walk, run, crawl, jump, triple jump, backflip, side somersault, wall kick, swim, climb, punch, kick, slide, fly, shoot from a cannon, butt-splash, hang, hand-over-hand, crouch, surf on koopa shells, and even look around. While this scope of actions seems like a lot and likely difficult to master, the reality is that yes, it is alot but is not difficult at all to master. A few of the skills, such as wall kicking or flying take some practice to master, but the majority of Mario's actions are very easy to master, which results in very fluid gameplay and the sensation of actually being Mario.The camera angles are manageable considering you have control over them. You might find yourself slightly frustrated with it in certain enclosed areas (such as Boo's Haunted House) but for the most part, the camera angles are very functional. The gameplay is extremely fun with a very gradual learning curve. While you only need 60 stars to complete the game, players looking to one-up the challenge can elect to try and collect all 120 stars, which requires true mastery of the game.The music is outstanding. Koji Kondo, also famous for the Ocarina of Time music, did all the music for Mario 64 and succeeded in composing very memorable and enjoyable tunes. My personal favorite is and will always be the Jolly Rodger Bay / Dire Dire Docks music.The level design is unique with some truly large levels offering tons of exploration. Mario will find himself in sunken ships, caves with toxic gas, inside a volcano, a pyramid, in a desert, a fortress in the sky, sliding down slippery snowy slopes, and even inside a giant strange clock. This game is filled with fun challenges and hours of terrific gameplay. I don't believe I've ever met anyone that didn't find this game fun to play.No, Luigi is not in the game. There was a major hoax citing ridiculous methods that would unlock Luigi, but all proved untrue. Kind of strange Luigi wasn't in the game, but not that big of a deal.Mario 64 is well loved and remembered, but it is kind of strange that the Nintendo 64's launch game is almost incomparable to the entire library of games that followed. Super Mario World on Super Nintendo was a gem, but there were other great games in the SNES library. However, with the Nintendo 64, Super Mario 64 along with Zelda Ocarina of Time stand head and shoulders above pretty much every game in the Nintendo 64 library, which is disappointing considering that we see the Nintendo 64 was capable of supporting top-notch games. The Nintendo 64 library just didn't manage to produce games that lived up to the original launch game.In the end, Mario 64 will always be remembered as the revolutionary classic that literally defined the Nintendo 64-bit era.
15 years later, still a great game.This is a classic in every sense of the word.It not only redefined the Mario Franchise. it redefined 3D gaming.It is a must have it you still own a N64.
REGISTER NOW!UsernameBy now, many Mario fans have taken a look at either the Japanese or U.S. version of Super Mario 64, so we'll spare you (most of) the hype and rhetoric. Having said that, it must be stated that SM64 is the greatest videogame to date, and one which all games, regardless of genre, will be judged henceforth. Nintendo set itself a nearly impossible goal and achieved it with SM64. Look closely, Mario's lineage is 2D -- not ideal material upon which to base the most intensely scrutinized 3D videogame ever. But videogames are, in the end, meant to entertain. And entertainment is at the heart of this fantastic title.Like many previous Mario games, experimentation is integral to the experience of playing. You must explore everything, leave no rock unturned, no mushroom mute, no door unopened. Mario himself has so many possible movements, and the environment is so intensely interactive, that even the least experimental players will spend hours on the first level without achieving anything in particular. The game is initially less accessible than previous Mario titles, although the three-pronged analog controller isn't really where the difficulty lies -- the joypad itself performs excellently. Overall, the biggest obstacle in the game is finding the correct viewpoint. The camera, which moves on its own (unless directed manually by using the four gold buttons), tries to find the optimal angle to view the action, though occasionally you're simply not able to see where you're going. Additionally, frustration sets in as you spin the camera around while simultaneously attempting to run across a moving plank or tip-toeing across a tiny ledge. But getting the hang of SM64 is all a matter of practice , and as soon you catch on, you will execute these skills unconsciously. The variety of levels and scale each world is simply breathtaking. The game consists of 15 massive courses in which Mario can attain seven stars per course, with numerous secret areas and bonuses, including 15 extra stars (for a total or 120 stars). It'll surely take the average gamer 60 hours to reach the third and final Bowser and free the princess (not to mention find Yoshi), so the game's replay value is bountiful. And despite all of their saccharin-sweet cuteness, the graphics are magnificent. Shigeru Miyamoto's dream of producing an interactive cartoon has been fully realized -- the animation is lavish, the textures rich, and even the most superfluous touches have been completely executed. SM64 is not perfect, however. Despite the efficiency of the hardware's Load Management, draw-in is noticeable, and occasionally gamers will look right through walls or objects. Still, this is as close to perfection a game has ever been (64-bit, no less). Super Mario 64 also puts Nintendo's preference of &quot;silicon over CDs&quot; to the test, with pleasingly familiar results. Most owners of either a Saturn or a PlayStation (or both), have by now acclimated to long load times, though grumblingly. Super Mario 64 will remind them of how gaming used to be: load time is nil, and reaching a playable level is only a matter of seconds. From the time you switch on the unit until you're done, the flow is seamless, and moving from one game area to another is instantaneous. Nintendo's musical prodigy, Koji Kondo, turns in an inspired performance, somehow finding room on the small cartridge to create the appropriate music for each world. Even though some tracks are cheesy, others, like the sitar-laden score of the first fire level, are more than effective in setting the mood for the level, and are as atmospheric as any Redbook audio. Also impressive are the sound effects: Mario's onscreen antics are matched by grunts, whoops, and hollers, fleshing out his spunky personality. As a whole, the flagship N64 game more than makes up for any painful delay (or delays) imposed upon the unit's release. SM64 is complete in every way, and the challenging experience of working toward each new level is far greater than the game's minimal flaws. Nintendo's craftsmanship and zeal for creating fantastically enjoyable games has never shown through more than in Super Mario 64. Nintendo 64's early flagship title demonstrates the power of the hardware as well as the creative genius of Miyamoto and team. Not only does the game obliterate every platformer before it in terms of visual finesse, it plays just as well if not infinitely better than previous 2D incarnations of the Mario franchise. 3D worlds are huge and cleverly laid-out so that there's never a dull moment. Secrets play a huge part of the experience, recapturing the classic gameplay style of the series. In fact, this game is exactly as one might hope it would be: Mario in 3D. More freedom, more space, more options, better graphics, improved and elaborated control schemes -- it's all there. Possibly the greatest videogame achievement ever. Don't rent. Buy.
This game is great!!!!!!! I played a friends, and then they gave it to me.. Ive beat it!! I still have to try to get all the stars, but I will!! The game is REAL fun and interactive with many great lands and levels to get the stars, and fun bosses!! The game is just REALLY great, I really love it!! IT ROCKS!!!!
Super Mario 64(1997) When I first got Nintendo 64,it came with Super Mario 64.When the system was hooked up,I put in the game,and was amazed on how the graphics were!It was excellent.The graphics were great,the music was cool,and Mario never looked better!This game is for everyone.I thought Banjo-Kazooie was a great game,but move over Banjo,Mario is back!The best game ever.Features new worlds,characters,setting,and don't worry some of the old villians from the early Mario games are here,and can't forget Bowser and Princess Toadstool(Peach).Better than any 64 game ever made!
Why is this on the list, because for the time it was the cream of the crop. And its also one of the funnest Mario games you'll ever play. The worlds look great, lots of free roaming and neverending gameplay is why this game makes the list. Still love it.".
Super Mario 64 is one of the best games ever.It's a classic, no Mario fan should be without it.Now, onto the reveiw:Controls:9.5/10It's pretty good compaired to some games, but most games have much smoother control.But since this is one of the first N64 games, I'm going to give it a good rating considering there are no PS2s, GCs, or Xboxs.There's mario's famous jump, double jump, and triple jump.The double and triple jumps can be performed by timing when you press the A button.There is also the groundpound aka buttstomp and other confusing jumps.Also, Mario can pick up and throw various items, climb walls using the wall jump,and punch and kick.The reson why this game's getting a 9.5 is because some jumps can be hard to master, and controlling Mario can sometimes be hard.Graphics:10/10Like I said:This is one of the first Nintendo 64 games!So, it's okay that the graphics are a little blocky and not very detailed.The graphics are very well done.Replay Value:7/10The point of the game is to retrieve all of the castle's power stars and save princess Peach.There are 120 in all.You only need 70 to beat the game.Sure, it's fun to go back and beat the game a couple more times.But how much time are you going to spend getting all 120?Some stars are very hard to get, and after a couple of times, you might get frusterated and just give up!Overall:10/10Super Mario 64 is a brilliant game.Mario can be turned into metal Mario, invisible and fly by wearing special caps that last a certain amount of time.He can shoot from cannons and swing Bowser around by the tail.The courses are cleverly designed, everything is almost perfect.I use the word "almost" because nothing is perfect.
Ever since I got this game I've loved it, i lost it so i recently had to buy another one, but you get the hang of things pretty quickly... very very fun game!
Talk about being able to play a game forever, this seems to be the case with SC3000.  This game is well done, with many features, controls, interfaces, and ultimately, complete control for you the Mayor.  I have played this game over and over and built incredible cities like New San Francisco.  I know you will experience tons of fun when you buy this one.
When you first buy this game, you will need to give it time. Reading the  Manual first just might be alot of help. The game starts out in pause mode.  This gives you time to zone space for roads, residental &amp; commercial or  indutry zones, water pipes and electrical wires. It times take to know the  best way to zone RCIs. It's not easy and money can disappear fast so don't  go crazy zoning everything and destorying things, it will cost you. It sum  this review in one sentence. It takes time to build a perfect city so try  different approaches and eventually your get it right.
I can play this game comfortably on my old XP machine without a special video card. That's worth a lot in my book. Not to mention the joy of spending most of my gaming time BUILDING rather than destroying. However, if you want, you can sick all kinds of crises and destroy the city if you want.... sometimes that's fun. This is a great strategy game.
Sim City 3000 is really cool!  You start off by making a Power Plant(I prefer Fusion or Microvave),laying power lines,zoning Residentail,Commercail,and Industrial areas,disposing of garbage,Making Roads and/or a Mass Transit System,Make Water Structures and pipelines,and Take care of Civic needs.  Later in the game you might want to enact some ordinances(rules/laws),Make business deals with neighbors and organizations,set a budget(earlier on the computer does it for you),build rewards which most of them can only be optained thru Business Deals( ones optained without deal:county courthouse,Mayoral Mansion also know as you're house,city hall,performing of arts center,and Monument/statue. ones optained thru deal:Gigamall,Amusement Park,Space Port,Defense Contractor,Country Golf Club,etc.).  Plus you can add Landmarks to you're City.  This is a Great game,but for Sim City 2000 fans that want a totaly different game get the Unlimited Version(also known as Sim City 3000 Unlimited).
I didn't know that Star Soldiers is a remake from the early Nintendo game you can check it out on YouTube first if you like its a vertical 2D Shooter. Great game.
I've had a great time with this one, you can pick from 3 alternative but well balanced ships, play with a comfortable control scheme, rake high scores and combos, use powerful special weapons, collect and preserve power-ups by staying alive, deflect shots by doing rolls and are complimented with a remarkable, engaging soundtrack. The power-ups are what make this game stand out because the ships seem to upgrade almost endlessly until you're firing more powerful and voluminous attacks.I mentioned the controls before: between the D-pad, rolling with the right-shoulder button, firing special attacks with the left-shoulder and B buttons and keeping hold on the A button and firing strategically to maintain a shot combo, it's fun and easy to use. That being said, the missions in Vanishing Earth aren't easy by any means because you need to avoid hitting ships as well as being fired on and the bosses are particularly adept at relentlessly firing at you.However, players are offered consolation in that they can continue from the beginning of the mission after losing and can store a password if they'd like (personally, I enjoy staring over from the beginning so I can keep all the power-ups I earn). And even if you don't want to play the whole game, there's a fast 2 or 5 minute arcade-style mode where you earn as high a score as you can destroying enemy vessels with maximum power upgrade from the start.I had a lot of fun switching off with a friend but it's good for single player as well. Not as flawless as Super Star Soldier and I mean that particularly with regard to the visuals of the area you fly over not being as outstanding but overall it still looks good enough not to harm the fun; Vanishing Earth is also much easier to collect for than its TurboGrafx counterpart. If you can get the cartridge around 15 - 20 dollars, I say go for it because there's hours of enjoyable content that will leave you coming back for more.
This game is amazing. The music makes you look forward to every fight, and the pace doesn't let you blink. And yet you feel the artwork and the location you're at. You've got three highly distinct ships to use. List of them in order of difficulty:Easy: Red ship. Spread-shot Gatling gun that gets more shots in per level, but power never truly upgrades.Medium: Blue ship. Powerful pulse laser punches straight through enemies, and it gains spread upon the final level-up.Hard: Green ship. Spread shot eventually reaches a strategic half-moon shape that makes every shot count.It's a shame that no other arcade shooters exist on the N64, it could've had other great games like RayStorm and G-Darius in a heartbeat!
I did not play this on N64, but I did play it in the arcade! It is such a wonderful and awesome game it is not even the least bit funny! The graphics rock, the arenas are both cool looking and interesting, there are many cool moves each of the fighters have, and the endings are movies! I have won this game four times, all four as none other than Scorpion, my favorite MK fighter(4 times I won MK4! Perfect fit!). I love this game, it is cooler than nearly any game I know, there are some of the coolest fighters ever along with Scorpion in it, and I plan to get it for my computer. Period.
Despite mixed emotions from reviewers all over, Mortal Kombat 4 is an awesome fighting game. Taking the once 2-D game into 3-D now adds alot of depth. The game moves just as smoothly and as fast as the past games so, those who still have the 'twitch' when it comes to fighting games, will feel right at home. I remember when I played this at the arcade at our local mall when it first came out. I went up against a 12 year old kid and got my tail kicked by him on it but I was tickled to just get to play it. I'm tickled it's out for the systems. Definitely worth checking out. Collect it if you can.
This was my a;ll time favorite both on the arcade and at home. Great classic as far as fighting games went back in it's time. Works wonderfully! Thanks so much.
I like Nintendo 64 also I really enjoy watching the Mortal Kombat movies and playing the Mortal Kombat games Yeah!!
Now I'll be reviewing Mortal Kombat 4 which is hated by some some do like it they The MK Team was trying to change it with the times & I'll admit it's not as good as Mortal Kombat II, 3, Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 or Mortal Kombat Trilogy it has it's problems but I like it. MK 4 came out in The Summer of 1997 it was the last Mortal Kombat game to be in arcades most of the principle characters return Liu Kang, Raiden, Johnny Cage, Reptile Sub Zero & Scorpion. Goro returns which kind of pi s  s  es me off 1 he's harder than he was in MK 1 or MK Trilogy 2 he wasn't even in MK 4. You fought Quan Chi as The sub boss. Jax & Sony are back.  Some of the newer characters I didn't care for like Reiko he was a poor substitute for Noob Saibot but Noob is a secret character he has no ending though. Goro is another secret character & he has no ending so it's pretty pointless. I hate Kai. Jarek is just another poor substitute for Kano. Ilike Fujin Quan Chi Tanya is alright. Shinnok is cool to play as. Story is Shinnok escaped The Neterreln thousands & thousands of years ago Shinnok was an Elder God he betrayed them he needs this powerful amulant. Raiden & Shinnok fought over it & ended with millions of people dying Shinnok was banished to The Neterreln. While The Invasion Of Earthrelm was going on Noob Saibot helped Quan Ch get Shinnok out of The Neterreln. Shinnok overtaken Edina takes Kitana hostage. Kitana is Liu Kang's love of his life all around good time girl. So Liu Kang helps Raiden. Shinnok has killed most of The Elder Gods except for A Wind God Fujin. Quan Chi & Scorpion have a history he tells Scorpion yes that Sub Zero is lying about being a brother that he ready killed his clan & his family. Also Tanya a new fighter & Reptile join to help Shinnok. Tanya's job is trap Liu Kang & have him killed & if you're seen her ending she does it's not official Liu Kang lives on until MK V. Shinnok agrees to send him back in time to his original race if he helps him Reptile is lied to again Since Shinnok is a fallen Elder God the battle can be won by Motals. Jax & Sonya are hunting down A Black Dragon guy named Jarek & if you have beat this game as Jax it's a really bad a  s  s ending. The FMV endings look better on The PS1. It's not perfect the main boss Shinnok I Quan Chi should've been the boss instead he's in most of the endings.  Nothing wrong with Shinnok I'll say this he's better than The Dragon King or Blaxe cause they were straight forward run of the mill monsters. But when you compare him to Shang Tsung or Shao Kahn he doesn't measure up. The game has a lot of in your face gore. This game got ported to The Playstation & Nintendo 64 & an expanded version called Motal Kombat Gold on The Sega Dreamcast. The 64 version has the advantage that it's a cartridge no load time but The 64 controller isn't made for fighting games. The Playstation version has better picture quality for the endings & you can get an arcade stick for it. I've never played or have Dreamcast but I've heard MK Gold is glitchy but Kung Lao, Baraka Kitana, are added I think it has Millena & Cyrax. I don't know if MAME will run it. This woulalso be the last game Of  The Boon Tobias era. Next is going to be an all time gulity pleasure Motal Kombat Anhillation.
This game is a few years old, of course, but I was so pleased with it that I played it all last night after it was shipped to me. Definitely the best fighting game for the fading N64 platform. It is somewhat easy on the easy settings (almost too easy mind you), and as you increase the challenge level, the computer opponents increase in ability almost 10 fold.The only gripe that I have is that some moves are just not condusive to being made on the N64 controller. My hands also wanted to keep sliding over into the traditional n64 grip on the controller (with the stick and not the pad), but this game does not play well with the stick and thus you have to use the pad. That will feel weird at first. You can re-map the buttons to better suite your needs, but if you do, other moves will be more difficult to pull off as well. For instance, Sub-Zero's famous slide is almost impossible to do without taking your right hand off the controller and repositioning it on the correct buttons to make him do his slide. While you're doing this, you're getting your butt kicked because how are you going to concentrate on where the buttons are during the fight?I still give it 5 stars because those problems are not really that significant in the long run. The combo system is wonderful, and anyone who is looking for a good fighting game on the N64 console should pick this one up. With the price that it is at now, it is very affordable too. I highly recommend it.
MK4 IS A SUPERIOR FIGHTING GAME. MY MOUTH IS WATERING FOR MORTAL KOMBAT DEADLY ALLIANCE. IN MK4 THERE ARE THE CLASSIC FIGHTERS (SCORPION, SUBZERO, REPTILE, SONYA, LIU KANG & JAX). PLUS SOME FIGHTERS THAT WERE INTRODUCED IN THE FLAWED "SUBZERO: MYTHOLIOGIES" (QUAN CHI & SHINNOCK) PLUS NEW FOR MK4 (TANYA, FUGIN, KIA, RECKO & JAREK) THERE'S A TOTAL OF 15 FIGHTERS WITH 2 HIDDEN FIGHTERS (17 ALL TOGETHER). THIS GAME MOVES VERY FAST IF YOU KNOW HOW TO PLAY IT. BUT UNTIL THEN YOUR FIGHTER MAY LOOK A LITTLE SILLY JUMPING AROUND WHILE YOUR GETTING THE HANG OF THINGS. PERSONALLY I LIKE THE MORTAL KOMBAT KOMBO SYSTEM AND OVER ALL FORMULA BETTER THAN ANY OTHER FIGHTING GAME. FAVORITE FIGHTERS R' QUAN CHI, REPTILE, SUBZERO & LIU KANG. LEAST FAVORITES R'... OH I LIKE'M ALL. WANNA CHEAT MENU FOR EASY FATALITIES? TRY THIS: GO TO OPTIONS, HIGHLIGHT 'CONTINUES' HOLD BLOCK & RUN AT THE SAME TIME FOR ABOUT 5 SECONDS, YOU WILL HEAR "OUTSTANDING" CONTINUE TO HOLD THE BUTTONS FOR 3 MORE SECONDS. A MENU WILL APPEAR. NOW WHEN IT SAYS 'FINISH HIM' YOU MAY PERFORM A FATALITY BY HOLDING DOWN & PRESSING THE B BUTTON.
The first time I played this game, I was in the mall and it was cool! So I decided to get it when it came out. It's a lot more different looking than MK Trilogy. It looks more realistic also. The title says it all.....
Mortal Kombat is a totally cool fighting game series. Digitized and bloody fighting combined with neck-breaking, spine-ripping fatality moves make the series seem like gold. But I personally find the transition from 2D to 3D for this series scary at first glance. I originally thought the fatalities would end up being like horror movie scenes. However, I ended up sticking with it.In Arcade mode, there were about 5 or 6 difficulty modes. In Mortal Kombat on the SNES, I played well on it. In Mortal Kombat 2 on Game Boy, I was able to tackle Hard mode. In Mortal Kombat 4 for Game Boy, I can beat Master mode, but that version of this game was too easy. Here, I got my butt kicked even on Normal mode! The game is pretty challenging, but I think if a player's good enough, he can whop through easily.The gameplay is traditional Mortal Kombat fighting action. There are also some new moves, such as twisting someone's leg.The graphics are also really great, especially considering some of the Nintendo 64's limits, such as the 2D blood during the Game Over screen.And of course, the sound is top-notch.There are very few fighting games for the Nintendo 64, and this is your saving grace for your virtual strength.
Sup dawg. Let's be serious here. I am not in any way the God who made Nintendo. I am however the God of BattleTanx. From exploding nukes, to mini howitzers, to the Flash being incarnated into a Tank. This game has it all. Call of Duty ain't got a thing on this beauty. You can kidnap queens, you can dominate the world map, you can even stand around like a pacifist and let yourself die. This game has what YOU want. This game has what YOU need. YOU MUST OBTAIN BATTLETANX!
I Used to play this game with my dad all the time when I was younger! I Actually ordered it recently to play with him again when my Nintendo 64 stopped working. Ha.
The main game is ok, but the multiplay game is hella fun! Grab a friend or two and play all night. I never get tired of Battletanx.
Buy it. Play Battlelord mode with four teams, preferably on the Las Vegas map. That's about all you'd do anyway. Don't bother with the singleplayer, it's garbage. I didn't bother finishing it. I played the first five or six levels, I'd guess, and it was so easy and the story was so retarded that I just didn't care anymore. The multiplayer is where it's at. Totally intense. You play as different factions, each one with a slightly different tank set(there are only three kinds of tank--Goliath, the generic kind, and a super fast little one w/ only machine guns, the tankset just determines how many of each you'll get...some are only goliaths or the little ones, and things like that). Each faction also has a special starting weapon. Guided missiles(which are VERY good against base defenses since you don't have to go in there and get pelted) cloaking, shields, swarm missiles, etc.So, yeah, the multiplayer is simply amazing and the game is definitely cheap enough by now that if you see it you should buy it without question. Don't worry about the graphics. You won't notice when you're dodging guided missiles, goliath tanks, and mines trying to get the queenlord back to your base so you can win the round.Also, if you do get it, you might consider setting the control setup to DRIVER because the default control setup is kinda deplorable.
This game is great. You can either duel it out with up to 3 of you're freinds(plus you) or do a single player campaign. Let me explain single player campaign first. A deadly virus kills 99% of women in the game and so the National Guard takes the reamaining women to a Quarantine Zone. In the game,you are Griffin Spade and you must rescue Madison from the Federal Relocation Forces(earlier reffered to as the National Guard). To progress in the game,you must destroy enemy tanks and bunkers,destroy enemy bases prior to rescueing the queenlords inside them(the last base is the Quarantine Zone in Snfrinsisco),take the queenlords to you're base via you're tank,earn new types of Tanks as you progress(Goliath,M1A1,and a minature one),gain ally tanks by earning points(note:you can't get ally tanks until after rescueing the first qeenlord),and gain Power Ups which provide you're tank with sheilds,replacement armor(if you're tank gets damaged),weapons,and ammo. The capaign mode is really fun and has good replay value(considering you can get more tanks if you get more points than you did lst time),but it's still good to do multiplayer modes with freinds for both practice(to prepair for campaign mode) and fresh challenges(if you've beat campaign mode more than once). Plus campaign mode includes bonus rounds where you can earn extra points. Okay here's a list of all the multiplayer modes:Deathmatch:You must be on you're own against other players for this one,but you can get automatick gun terrets to assist you.Annilation:Depending on the gang you choose,you get a certain number of Goliaths,minature tanks(similar in size to gun terrets,and of course,M1A1's.  Battlord:Simply steal enemy queenlords.  Strategy is greatly involved as they're are 3+ ways to get past a enemy Goliath tank(fire guided missiles from your own base,move in and out fast with a moto tank,head on attack,lay mines on its track,or place a neough gun buddies to take it down.  Defense measures include protecting your goliath tank,laying mine around your base,switching to goliath tank,or placing gun buddies.
I'm not a fan of FPS's by far. They're one of my least favorite genres. But this game is just excellent, one of the best licensed games I've had the joy of seeing.Unless you own a controller pak you can't save the game, and the controls can be hard to understand at first but it's an excellent game.
OMG!!! Seen it, wiped my eyes to see if it was real then of course bought and i have no regrets! Highly love south park and this game is amazing and it came to me mint condition and i was happy!!
This Game if so funny. Pee snowballs, annoying turkeys and it is in South Park, Colorado what more could you ask for. The controls are hard at first but in 10-20 minutes it becomes easy. The game is really fun and looks great on the 64.
Super funny game. A little raunchy but hilarious all the while. May not be appropriate for younger kids. The story is fun to play yet predictable.
I love South Park! I remember walking around in middle school back in the 1990's with the South Park shirts on and everyone talking about the new episode! Times have changed but I still love South Park!
Now if you are a fan or those 2-D games and stuff like that, you probably will think this is a disgrace for the N64. I thought this game was awesome. Especially the beginning, Forest Of Silence! The music and sound effects are great and the game story is good. The controls may take a while to get used to but if you like games with a challenge, get this. I think that fighting skeletons gets boring after a while but I think when you get to higher levels, (I'm not sure of this) there will be more vicious enemies to fight for your pleasure. I thought the game could have been a little more...well....diverse and detailed, but where I am now, is awesome! I have to say, I bought this at Fucoland and I had no idea I would like it this much. I rented it once before and I hated it because it was so hard. Really, I just didn't put my mind to it and look where I am now. I'm in the 1st castle! This is a great action-RPG game that will keep you hooked for hours. I would recommend that 10 and up should play this game because of the theme and the bloody scenes. There isn't much of a story to this game but for me, that's okay. But for serious gamers (I think I am but this game is so good that I don't really care about the story) you might be a little ticked off because of the lack of story. There many levels for you to get through and they all take a long time. The Forest Of Silence took me about 3 hours to figure everything out (no cheats no guide no nothing). There are two charaters to chose from. Reinhart and a girl (I forgot her name). Now Reinhart has a sword and a whip to fight off enemies and to destroy other things. I think he is better than the girl because he has a stronger weapon. The girl has a energy ball that takes 2 seconds to charge up. I don't like that because if an enemy is comming towards you, you have to charge. She also has these two....rings they look like. She uses that to slice things, just like Reinhart's sword. There are two modes you can go through. Easy and Normal. Normal is not that hard but there is quite a difference between that and easy. There are some options that you can do like the controls and stuff. As I mentioned before, their isn't much of a storyline but when you start the game, there is some. So that makes the game better. Be prepared to do a lot of jumping.Overall, this game has great sound effects, music, weapons, items, charaters, abilities, an okay storyline, excellent graphics and just a really good play!
I was really eager to see this installment in the Castlevania series. Mainly because of it's venture into 3-D. Well, I can honestly say I was pleasantly surprised. They were able to pull off a pretty decent game and that, in itself, makes it another great effort from Konami. It really reminded me alot of the older Castlevania games, yet in 3-D. Despite others mixed feelings on the game, I really enjoyed it. My only gripe, however, is that it was hard and frustrating at times with its' platform areas in levels. Once I made it pass those parts, it was great. One, in my opinion, that was worthy of my hard earned dollar. Although I love the 2-D Castlevania games a great deal, I do hope they make another game like this one in the future.
This game still creeps me out! It's really fun to have those memories come flooding back as I whip my way through skeletons.
This game in my opinion is the best of all the castlevania series so far except maybe legacy of darkness. The soundtrack is awesome. The graphics are very well done and it gives you a sense of being there and actually relaying the fear instead of being dull and boring. Also you have to at least rent this game the cinema scenes are awesome!
castlevania 64 is one of the greatest games in the world a true classic the best of the best buy this game if your a castlevania fan you wont be sorry.
Evil has once again awakened in the dark prince's palace.With alot of bad guys and 10 hard to beat levels,and don't forget our stars of the game,a brave,kicking butt little girl,Carrie.And a brave young whipping man,Reinhardt.This game will keep you on your tippy toes.You explore an old huge house,Dracula's castle,the forest,and even places you would only see in your nightmares.This game is for 11 and up due to strong bloody violence.Great music and setting.This is a game you can sink your teeth into!
classic game for the ps1. i love it and it still makes me smile like it did when i was a kid. the new verisions cant compare to the original! whether you are a 90s child trying to relive your childhood or want to share it with the new generation, you will have hours of fun with everyone's favorite purple dragon.
I was feeling nostalgic so I bought this game along with a few others to relive my childhood. It's as much fun as I remember! There's always plenty to do, from finishing levels to completing timed flight races. Even if you beat the final boss in the game, you can keep playing to collect all the gems and find all the dragons. Once you do that, you get to open up new content! Even at 100% complete, there's STILL more to do, not to mention the replayability of the game is superb. Definitely worth the buy!
A wonderful game, and I believe that it is a lot better than the second.  In the second the graphics are solid, but the bad guys aren't the greatest bad guys and plus the levels look alike.  Anyways, in this game you'll jump off prehistoric glaciers, face giant enemies, glide across cliffs and free enslaved Dragons, and collect gems and treasure.  Sure, some parts of this game is a little frustrating, and sure, the camera angles are a bit awkward, but you get used to it and get the hang of it. It's a lot like RP games, where the first time you play it, it is incredibly hard, but once you beat it, you'll play it hundreds of times.  I must have beat this game atleast thirty times.  Probably forty.  Anyways, buy it.  It's worth your money.  The graphics are fluid and spectacular, and at times this game can have some humor in it. It's worth the money, believe me.
Great fun game I still enjoyed playing 10 years later. I got it at a great price too. Definitely buy this.
For those who don't know this is the very first Spyro game. This is such an awesome game.Pros1. The Graphics-Given it is for the PS1 they are a little outdated, but looking back they are comical.2. The Story-The game is engaging and keeps you playing all the time3. The Dialogue-Absolutely funny and genius since [Spoiler Alert!] the reason Gnasty Gnorc (the main villain) freezes the dragons is because the dragons call him ugly.4. There are mini-games you can go back to after beating the game.Cons1. I can't think of any.
Ah, Spyro! Released in 1998 for the PS1, Spyro is the first entry of many. [Although, only the first three were any good, because the newer ones were owned by an poor company.]Graphics: 9/10: Horrible by today's standards, but very good by 1998 standards. Colorful and clear old-school 3-D graphics.Music:10/10: Pretty catchy, nothing really grinds on your ears.Sound: 8/10: Pretty good.Gameplay:9.5/10: You control Spyro, the PO'd dragon, through many worlds. There he must collect gems, rescue dragons, fight enimies, bosses, and other dangers, and also use his trademark flame and charge moves. This game is a bit easy, but it's very entartaining.The game costs about 10$ about now, so buy it!
I have recently come across this wonderful little game that is just absolutely perfect for darklings, seemingly tailor-made.First of all, the flow of the 3D graphics are quite realistic. The character is an adorable baby dragon, with all the mannerisms of what a baby dragon might be, as if the creators modeled him from puppies & kittens, which is probably what they did.So little Spyro is set to explore in his homeland, where he derives sustainance from sheep, & questing for gems & treasures, perusing into archways & temples, & fending off sheepherders armed with staves. The Satanic implications are obvious. A dragon insinerating sheep for food...? Sheepherders protecting their sheep? Predator vs. prey...In certain situations, such as when killing a charging ram, smashing into walls, giants attacking, you will note the joystick vibrate, thereby making the gaming experience a bit more tactile.So the player is Spyro the Dragon, helped along with the advice of ancestors. It is remarkable how noble these mentors are, their voices echoing their arcane wisdom unto their young.In travelling, we also embark into Stone Creek, & the more aesthetically-pleasing Dark Hollow, where new creatures wander to be defeated, & more treasures to be plundered. Bit by bit, little Spyro learns to glide, then eventually fly.Gaming tip: Avoid water!
I've been addicted to Spyro since I was a little kid, and this is the original game that got me hooked. I'm terrible at video games, but I love to play this... I'm sure experienced gamers could beat this kind of game with their eyes closed, but for me it's quite the challenge, and I enjoy it!
Okay I first played this back when it first came out and back when the graphics were good.  Now, it is almost 11 years later and I still absolutely love this game although its graphics are old-school compared to say the Wii's graphics or PS3's.  But this game was good.  It was not easy for me but with a little practice I got better.  There is only one egg that still is a challenge for me to get and I don't remember the name of the sub-world it is in but it's the one with a whole bunch of trees.  I always forget where to turn/jump to get the height and speed I need to reach the egg.  But big deal, this game is how I remember Spyro and brings back fond memories.One reviewer had a good point when he said the dragons you release from the stone do give you some pretty redundant advice such as telling you how to glide after you just finished gliding to reach the little booger!  But you can interrupt them which I always do so no biggie.  The mini-games are fun and even though you don't have to complete them to finish the game there is a part of me that always has to complete the game 100%.  I will hunt down every gem, every egg and every pink egg from those annoying blue things you chase.This isn't the best Spyro game but it is among the top three.  The other two are the two that followed this one.  Insomniac knew how to make these games and I wish they'd make any others that come out because frankly, Universal, Vivendi, etc. ruined this series for me.
Graphics: 10/10 - All the Spyro games have amazing graphics and this one is no exception. Fabulous, beautiful, eye-catching! Check `em out!Sound: 7/10 - Spyro's usual flapping wings, splashing water, swishing buck sound and great editing satisfy, even if the overall sound could've improved.Value: 7/10 - Fun to play at the time but you won't go back to Spyro to go and play it again and again too many times. But it looks great and is still entertaining so it's worth the money.Overall: 9/10 - This blew me away with its creativity and amazing graphics. The ultimate original 3D platform game! If you liked this I recommend the Crash Bandicoot games and the sequels to Spyro the Dragon which are even better than this tasty candy.
The original Playstation Spyro the Dragon trilogy is the best game series out there, especially for younger gamers, and people that just like to play easy games to pass time (like me). This game started it all with Spyro, and its still one of the best video games ever made in my opinion. If you have never played a video game, or just want a little something different to play, this is a nice and easy one for you.
The game for its time was good both for its gameplay and its graphics. The game was one of the first demo games I played and it was tough, but later on I got the hang of it and passed it. It took me some time but in the end, it was well worth it.
One of the first games I ever played on the ps1. Spyro is a classic and still fun to play today on my ps2 slim. Great for all ages to play a fun easying going relaxing game. You play as spyro a young dragon that has to rescue all the other dragons from nasty nork to defeat him, but along the way spyro is traveling through different worlds, collecting items and treasures. Make sure you have a ps1 memory card to save your progress if your using a ps2 system.
Had to get this game beings my mama's sister bought me one but the disc was messed up in certain parts of the game. I enjoyed it very much, and the challenge behind it was unlike any other game i played. Thanks.
The original Spyro is an incredibly fun game. Although not nearly as refined as Year of the Dragon, or Ripto's Rage, the classic Spyro is still hours of fantastic entertainment.
Fun game!  Never played a dragon with an attitude of kick butt until I found Spyro.
I used to play this game as a kid, but my copy got ruined and i've wanted a new one ever since. I bought this one and could not be more pleased with it. works great, and a nice reminder of some of the fun I had when i was younger.
Name me one child of the nineties who didn't grow up playing this game, and I will show you an unhappy adult. Spyro was a very important part of my childhood happiness, and remains a part of my life to this day. In a time where all the other young girls around me were playing with kitchen sets and drawing on the sidewalk with chalk, I was kicking Gnorc butt.As I'm sure there are some people out there who are still unfamiliar with everyone's favorite purple dragon, how about a quick rundown?The Dragon Realms are a peaceful place, full of artists and dreamers and crafters, and they pride themselves on their beautiful gems. While some dragons are being interviewed about their world, the long banished Gnasty Gnorc overhears some less than positive comments about himself. In retaliation, he turns all of the dragon's beautiful gems (which reflect his face back at him) into Gnorc minions, and freezes the dragons in crystal prisons. All, that is, except one short little purple firebreather, who becomes the hero by taking it upon himself to defeat the Gnorcs and free all the dragons.You utilize two attacks; your flame breath, and your horn charge. Throughout the levels you encounter several types of enemies, but especially Gnorcs. Your goal throughout the game is to unfreeze all the dragons, and collect stolen dragon eggs from the taunting blue thieves. Each of the six homeworlds contains a non-mandatory boss battle (aside from the Gnorc Gnexus) and a balloonist who will transport you to the next homeworld. Your health meter is represented by a little dragonfly by the name of Sparx that follows you around. Sparx starts out bright yellow, dulls to blue, then to green, and once he is gone, you're toast. Lives are gained with small dragon statues, or collecting so many of a small silver orb dropped by previously defeated enemies.Spyro is a classic that will never die, and your life will only be made better by playing it!
Spyro is a cute little dragon with a huge boost of cool powers. It is an incredibly fun game action game that is great for kids or adults.
I played the original Spyro trilogy extensively multiple times in my childhood, having attained a 100% completion status on the first 4 Spyro games released.  I am no stranger to the series or this game in particular obviously.  I bought this game almost only because of the nostalgic value it has to me.  As well as the fact that I'm attempting to amass a collection of all game console systems and the best of their games, according to my own opinions.But on to the game itself.  As the subject title implies, (for me) it is and always will be, a timeless classic in the history of videogames, as it is almost the first real game I ever played and actually tried and succeeded in completing.  For the time, it's graphics were close to cutting edge, and the story is simple, yet actually completing everything 100%, is quite a difficult task depending on what part you're trying to do so on.  The gameplay mechanics are a little stiff, but no more than expected from a game released in 1998 on a system that has been rebooted 4 times since the one this game was developed for.  If you care at all about great games, or if you played this in your childhood, you're going to want this for your collection.
i have all the PS1 spyro games, and i love them the newer games not so much. This is one of my favorite PS1 series of games, and i'd recommend all of these games to anyone in a heartbeat. This is a family friendly title, and a good game to own. Some of the game was a little challenging for me at first. i remember the ads, and wanting to have this game and the un-wasted excitement when i finally held the case in my hands.Spyro is the main character(obviously) a little purple dragon with Sparx(a dragonfly and his best friend) following him around, Sparx represents Spyro's health and proctects Spyro. He can only take so many hits or damage spyro should of recieved before Spyro is on his own and can only get hit once, to avoid this however you can ram or flame the sheep(called fodder) and they will turn into butterflies which Sparx eats in one bite for a life. The mission of the game is to free your fellow dragons who were all turned to crystal statues(Spyro wasn't tall enough to get hit by the spell), get the eggs and dragon treasure back, and beat Gnasty Gnorc who hates dragons and besides turning them into statues stole all the dragon treasure and the dragon eggs.
This game is so,so,so good! You can play it for hours and not get bored! If you are lonely or bored,get Spyro now,now now! It is so great,you'll adore it!
Do not be fooled by the fact that dragons are more suited to little kids and that the game appears like a cartoon. This is a very fun game in which an evil creature called Gnasty Gnorc scatters gems all over the dragon world, turns some into his minions, lets blue thieves into the dragon world to steal their precious dragon eggs, and encases all the dragons in crystal. He missed Spyro, so it's his job to turn the dragon world the way it was. The graphics are colorful and the sound and music are also nice, and as for replay value, it has a fairly good amount. If there is one thing to complain about, it is the difficulty level. The enemies don't put up too much of a threat, and finding gems and dragons is usually fairly easy, and even the bosses are pretty easy to toast. But it can prove quite a challenge to some people, and may include some testing with some things. But besides these two facts, Spyro the Dragon is a nice, colorful game that is well worth the money.
This game is a very fun game.  Very well made.  You play Spyro(DUH), a young dragon.  All the other dragons(I think there are 60 or so of them),  have been captured and turned to stone,  and are scattered about in the different worlds.  The Dragon Eggs have been stolen by theives who are running around and hiding in different worlds.  The dragon's treasure is lying around everywhere(not to mention alot of it has been turned into enemies).  And who is the cause of this?  GNASTY GNORC.  And now, as Spyro, you must save the dragons,  find the eggs, collect the treasure and defeat Gnasty Gnorc.  Ok,  that's the plot basicall; now here is what the game is like:  As Spyro, your mission is to(As I said before) save the dragons, find the tresure and rescue the eggs.  Being a young dragon,  your wings are not fully grown,  so you can not fly.  You can, however, glide over short distances.  You also have the ability to(Of course)breathe fire and charge with your horns.  There are several worlds throughout the game.  Each of these worlds has one home level, and in each of the home levels, there are doorway/portholes through which lie other levels for the worlds.  In each of the worlds there will be dragons, treasure and eggs.Dragons:  These have been turned to stone by Gnasty Gnorc.  To save them you simply find them, then walk up to them or charge at them or Flame them.  They will then come back to life and talk to you before flying away.  Some will give you advice,  others will thank you, and some will just talk (sometimes insulting you).Treasure:  Treusure is just lying around in different places.  Most of the enemies turn into treasure(which looks like gem stones).  Some treasure are in chests.  Most chests can be rammed or flamed to open them, but some requre dynamite or fire works or other ways to open them.Eggs: These are held by theives.  To get them,  you must chase after the theif and ram or flame him.Enemies: There is a large variety of enemies (most enemies are really treasure that have been turned into minions for Gnasty Gnorc).  Most can be killed by ramming or flaming,  though some are armored and can only be hurt by flaming and not by ramming or visa versa.  Some boss enemies, however, require special battle tactics.There are also fairies who will help you in some way.  Some will catch you if your falling, and will move you to safety,  while others will give you a Super Strong fire breath(which will allow you to flame armored enemies).  Hovering above Spyro is a dragonfly.  The color of the dragon fly shows you your current health. Green, if your have full health, and red if you are very hurt.  He will disappear if you get hurt when he is red.  In each home world there are guys with hot air ballons.  These ballooners tell you what you must do in that world for them to take you to the next world (you can always return to past worlds later to pck up anything you might have missed).  In most worlds you usually have to find a certain number of dragons, treasure or eggs.  Finally, you will get to Gnasty's world, where you will have to fight Gnasty Gnorc.Well, that's &quot;Spyro the Dragon&quot;.  I recommend this game to anyone who has Playstation.  It's not a waste of money,  I assure you.
I know this is an old game, but this is definitely a classic to have. When eventually I have have kids, or when my nieces and nephews grow a little older, I'll introduce them to these classic games. This is one of the best PS1 games out there.
Awww, good times! I first bought this game when it first came out, when I was around eight-years-old. I played it non-stop, battleing against the Gnorcs, aquiring treaure, ramming through thouse nasty blue thieves for the pink-spotted eggs, getting more life for poor Spyro, and resqueing the dragons locked in stone, of course.Now, I'm playing more mature games. Resident Evil 4 is one of my favorite games for the Gamecube counsel. Along with The Legend of Zelda: Ocarine of Time/Twilight Princess, and Hitman 2. But after playing thouse games on the sparkling Gamecube counsel, I turned my gaze to the dusty, gray Playstation, and out popped Spyro again!I'm actually replaying the game, I already beaten both of the two first worlds in under an hour. But it is a really good experience to play this old jewel again! I also own four other Spyro games: Spyro: Ripto's Rage, The Year of the Dragon (Both of thouse for my old Playstation and are VERY fun!) along with the alright, but not the same: Hero's Tale, and the crappy game some idiot thought up: The Legend of Spyro: A New Beggining. I despised thouse two games for what they had done to that cool, little dragon we use to know.But, alas! At least I saved my original game for times like these! Please, if you still have your old gray Playstation, (or a Playstation 2) than fish out Spyro from the attic or the closet and replay it! Or, if you are new to the first original Spyro games, go out and buy them! (that is, if you don't mind an extreamly easy game) The game is fun, nevetheless it being easy, it holds that sparkling air that Ocarina of Time and Super Mario 64 holds![Sparks, The Dragonfly]Gold = Full HealthBlue = Medium HealthGreen = Low HealthNo Sparks = One More Hit Left-To correct anyone that got Sparks color coded health wrong. ^-^[Spyro, The Dragon]Able to glide short-distancesCan run/ram with his hornsCan jumpCan buckAnd can do the roll to avoid enemy attack (Why didn't they remake that move for all the other games, I ask?)And of course, flame enemies!
Well, with a million reviews already, this makes it even easier for me. One of the original and best action/adventure games for the PS, you can't go wrong with Spyro (and the proceeding sequels). Owned the game a while back but my nephew somehow lost it. I completed it fully, an I'm about to play through it again, even though it's been like 8 years. Never got the sequels but I'm getting them from here now. Got 5 more PlayStation classics to go, including Spyro 2 and 3.
Game most played by my granddaughter. She loves the game. It is fun to watch as well. Good game for kids.
Like everyone says, the first three Spyro games on the PS1 were great classics and all the others suck.  Yes, PS2, GameCube, Xbox, Xbox 360, Wii, PS3, and Wii U all have bad Spyro Games.  The only good Spyro games are on PS1 and maybe GBA.  And I'm not just making this up I actually bought a used PS1 to play the original Spyro and I've played Legend of Spyro on my GameCube.  And even though I really like the GameCube, I hated Legend of Spyro.  On top of that, the most modern systems have even worse Spyro games.
I am a latecomer to Tenchu. Since it is a PS1 game its graphics really show the PS1's age against the PS2. However if you are willing to accept/ignore that difference you will find Tenchu a very satisfying and deeply fun game. This is most definitely one of PS1's best games.The game becomes more enjoyable the better you are able to master your ninjitsu skills. The controls are difficult to master at first, but stick with it and you will eventually be rewarded. I used to just jump off a roof and try and hack at my enemy. Now I can do a reverse back flip off a roof behind an enemy and exact a perfect kill. Far too cool.Pros:- Many many ways to finish a level.- Stealth is heart throbbingly fun.- Plentiful cheats for amateurs.- Wonderful soundtrack. I ended up buying a copy of the soundtrack too.- Variety of ninjitsu moves makes killing stylishly fun.Cons:- Since it is a stealth game you have to be very patient to make sure no one can see you before you go for the kill. This can take a long time.- Each level is long and the boss is at the end of the level. Dying in the boss' hands means you have to start the whole level from the beginning- No saves during a level.- Joypad controls are difficult to master- but are necessary to support all the ninjitsu moves.
This game offers unique play. It has a pretty good storyline that keeps your attention, but the stealth required to play the game makes it a keeper. Unlike Metal Gear, you actually loose points by being spotted, even if you make it through the mission successfully. You can opt to go through the mission again for a higher score, or you can go on to the next mission. I liked that aspect the most because the second time around (knowing where everyone is hiding and waiting for you) you get to get the drop on them! Cool beans.
I have been searching for this game far and wide and now I have finally acquired it. It's a pretty awesome game with a lot of action and you must use a lot of stealth.
I actually did purchase this game two times.  I lent it out some years ago and never got it back. I recently noticed that the price is very modest so I picked it up again.  Why? This game is an older generation game (PS1), but it is better than some PS2 games I have played that only advertise graphics but have poor gameplay or short game time.  Tenchu is a satisfying game that lets you creep around, slice necks from behind, and hide out on rooftops. You will avenge the death of a crooked merchant, rescue a captive nijna, save a princess, destroy a fiendish cult, stop the spanish pirates, and fight a big boss with a bigger sword. Of course there are those who opppose this type of activity and thus will try to stop you.  Its lots of fun running around, hiding, killing from the unseen.  Its better while doing it while the great game soundtrack is playing.  This game has very catchy music that brings you you right in. The graphics, like I said, are mediocre, but that wont make or break a game anyway. Gameplay makes the game and this game has plently. Plenty of enemies to defeat, two selectable characters, a bunch of ninja items to utilize, and the percect amount of levels.What isnt so good about the game? Each ninja only has a small amount of stealth kills to use. There are plenty of regular attacks to be diverse but only 3 stealthy kills. One kill is rarely used due to the fact that you have to be iun front of you r enemy to use it which is dangerous because he will see you. You usually do the neck slice (yawn).  Another downside is that many of the ninja items you acuire will be useless.  Since you can only carry 4, you will take ninja stars, bombs, paralyzing rice cakes, and the grapling hook.  The others are junk or rare objects recieved as bonuses for completing the missions on a master ninja score. Again the graphics are dated. The enemy AI is a pretty stupid. You can run past an ememy warrior and duck behind a bush or tree and he wont know where you went.  He will look around himself quick and resume his patrols, "Where are you!?"Its still a load of fun and can be a challenge at first to get a perfect rating and unlock secret items. Replay value is pretty darn good. You might get tired of it after beating it with both ninjas, but you will get a taste for it some time later.  This game will not sit in a closet.  Many PS2 games sit in my closet, but this dated PS1 game is in my PS2 right now.
Got this game today. I remember playing this game when I was younger. I was a better ninja back then. :D I am a little rusty, and horrible at stealth now, compared to when I was younger. I miss this game so much, I bought it. Thanks, for sending it in earlier than expected! :D.
I was brought into the Tenchu series with Wrath of Heaven (not a great place to start...), but after renting and eventualy buying the third Tenchu instalment, I made it a point to track down the originals. I'm writing this review in 2005, a time of Metal Gear Solids, online Splinter Cells, and innovative Hitman games. Yet this title, released in 1998, still impresses, and is well worth effort of tracking it down and buying. Some things a buyer needs to heed however is the lack of analog control. For gamers raised on analog controllers, this game may be a little hard to manage at first. Also, the game, which emphisises stealth and patience is not without a frustrating moment or two, as the camera can be troublesome in places, and there is no in game save feature (try spending 2 hours working to get a good rank on a level, only to be killed by the level's extremely difficult boss, and be sent back to the begining...). All together, the game features an impressive aray of Ninja weapons and items, decient replay value, two playable characters and a good story that sets the stage for several sequels. While it may feel simplistic to gamers hardened on newer stealth titles, and the graphics may not feel as polished, Stealth Assassins is a difficult chalenge and rewarding experience for anyone willing to overlook some simple flaws, and who possesses a good deal of patience. I highly recomend it.
This game rules, this game is a classic and it rules. 10 out of 10 one of my favorites. But this is all nostalgic opinion, still 10/10.
Resident Evil 2. I realized I hadn't written a review for my favorite game of all time. Yes, I'm not kidding. This game has it all. Graphics, check. (Still look good today in 2009.) Gameplay, check. Music, check. Gore and zombies, check and check. It just doesn't get any better than this. I loved the original but when I got this game is when I got really hooked into the series.The game is filled with great atmosphere. There's no game that defines survival horror better than this one. This was Capcom at the height of their powers. Silent Hill is a close second in the genre. Resident Evil 2 improved upon the original in many ways. The voice is a little better though it still has moments of cheese. The weapons look better and are upgradeable, the game has two scenarios where your choices make slight differences in the other character's game.Yes this game is survival horror royalty. Get it, I don't care what system you get it for, but just get it.
In my opinion this is the best Resident Evil yet, although I have still not played Code Veronica. If you're going to buy a Playstation Resident Evil title get this one.  It is by far the longest one also.
One of the best survival horror games of all time. If ya don't know, now ya know...
we have every resident evil game we love the game and we love that the game was in great shape when we got it and how fast we got it.
Turn the lights off and play RE 2 to the very end. For me RE2 was the best in series so far.
Now THIS is how you're supposed to enjoy blowing through a bloody, violent game!  Blood squirting from moaning zombie bodies.  It's so strange and relaxing to experience this.  I know you will laugh at what I am about to tell you, but I never bothered with this game when it first came out.  Yeah, I know, I lost many friends because of this.  I ignored this game in 1998, and my level of coolness went right down the tubes.  I had to fail math and pretend to smoke cigars to fit back in with my classmates again.Children shouldn't play this game.  If you think it's ok for children to see the two main characters in this game shoot and fry their way through the police station then you might not be a reasonable person.  Yes that's right: you can walk through a police station in this game.  If in real life you have a problem with the way cops sit in a field and watch over you to make sure you have your seat belt on (and not one of those cases where you pretend to put the seat belt on until the cop is out of view and then take it off again) you now have a place to take out your frustrations- Resident Evil 2.The weapons in this game are realistically cool.  I like pulling out the magnum and shooting zombies in the head and watching their heads blow to pieces.  Don't try this at home, but do try this on your Playstation.  The magnum doesn't make much noise so you wouldn't think it'd be such a bad-ass weapon, but you can shoot at the head of a zombie and watch his head quietly blow to smithereens.  You know you shouldn't do that in real life though, right?  You'd go to jail for a very long time.  And if you tried to explain to the police that you were shooting at zombies, you'd only get laughed at by the entire court room.  Use your head.If this game doesn't satisfy your sick animal-like needs, then try looking for the fire blaster thing.  You can cook zombies with this.  It's near the end of the game hidden in a locker.  Go near the locker and press the X button, and it will open and you will say "sweet".In this game you have two CD's.  One CD is for the Leon adventure, and the other CD is for the Claire adventure.  You can choose to start the game with either Leon or Claire.  To do the game completely you have to beat the game twice with Leon and twice with Claire.  I've only ever played this game on easy and I had a blast.  I'm sure on normal it's quite harder, maybe so hard you can't think straight and become dumb.  Of course you aren't dumb, it's just that video games can confuse you sometimes.Man I'm tired.  But I'm never too tired to take a couple hours from my easy-going day and blasting my way through this super cool game.  The only downside is that you can't skip the cutscenes.  That's fine at first, when you want to listen closely to the story (even though I didn't) but after a while you really wish Capcom would have put a skip button on this thing.Still, great game.  It's old, but please don't be one of those people who thinks that just because something is old it's not good.  I've been around people who think like that and they just ain't cool.  Sure, these people get all the girls and all the friends, but what else?  What's "in" sucks, and what's old is cool.  You think I'm wrong?  Good for you.  Buy this game used for 10 dollars today.
"Resident Evil 2", truly is a classic scare.  Resident Evil 2 showcases just why the series became big, and why Resident Evil is the leader of the Survival-Horror genre by a landslide."Resident Evil 2", was just full of new ideas.  The 2 discs, and the 2 people to play as, where each of their actions affect the other person's adventure, for example was just amazing.I'm also not kidding when I call this game a "scare".  "Resident Evil 2" will have you on the edge of your seat, and it may even have you wetting your trousers a bit at certain times."Resident Evil 2" is an essential pickup for any fan of the Survival-Horror genre.  "Resident Evil 2" did so much for the genre, that it shall be  remembered forever.
RE2 was my first zombie game and......I fell in love with this franchise right off the bat.I grew up on a steady diet of Sega Genesis games then I went to the N64 and my love of all things Mario.Then I finally broke down and got a PS2.RE2 was one of the first games I got for the system and it completely changed my outlook on games forever.I had never played such an adult oriented game. Not even Mortal Kombat came close to how "R" rated this game was.I was blown away.Incredible graphics for the time.Constants scares.Interesting puzzles that really didn't make any sense and still don't LOL.Who cares, they were still a blast to solve anyway.A story line that rivaled the best Hollywood has ever thrown at us regarding the horror genre.I'm not going to go into complaints now as the game is rather old.Did I have complaints at the time?Only one.......the characters control like a walking tank.All of this was corrected by RE4 but that's about it for my complaints.One of the most influential games ever made.It brought adult gaming into the mainstream and proved that not all games have to have cute mascots. (I still love my Mario and Sonic mind you.)Excellence.Perfect in almost every way imaginable.A must play.Highest recommendations.
I've been playing the series since I was about 10, the first game I played was the remake of the first and resident evil. I also played the other series such as code veronica, Resident evil 5, Resident evil revelations, Resident evil 3 nemesis,  and Resident evil 6. Feel free to get the game, its awesome but challenging at times. I highly recommend getting it. Also it can work on a ps2 but you need the original playstation memory card.
This game is one of the only games to truly terrify me. (the other being silent hill. check my review on that in upcoming weeks!)  The graphics are just right for this type of game, although they could have been better.  The control is muddy, although never cumbersome.  the weapons are alright, but upgrading them is a hoot.  I wish that you could upgrade more weapons, though.  An upgraded rocket launcher that could blow through doors, now that would be really...' cool!!!  Oh well, If I want to do that, I should go play Red Faction.  The zombies are as dumb as oxes, but the lickers and dogs and the birds (THEY ARE COMING TO GET ME!!!!) are fairly intelligent.  avoid those at all costs, if you know what is good fer ya.  adios!
bryanreo@sbcglobal.net And I say that Resident Evil 2 is perhaps one of the best resident evils for the PS1. The sheer horror of the initial run to the police station is just the beginning. Then you must fight your way through the zombie infested maze. This game will have you jumping when you hear a noise outside. This is the game to get if you want to be scared for a few weeks after beating it. It took me about 5 hours I think it was, perhaps 6 hours. But I like to make sure all the zombies are dead. This game is a must if you are a fan of RE-1.
The series of Resident Evil continues with its sequel Resident Evil 2 on PlayStation released in 1998 and developed by Capcom once again. It takes place in Raccoon City which is the closest residence of the mansion from the first game. This time, the entire city has been transformed into zombies from the outbreak of the T-virus created by Umbrella. You get to play as two characters: Leon S. Kennedy (disc one) who is a Raccoon City Police Officer on his first day of the job and Claire Redfield (disc two) who came into town to search for her missing brother Chris Redfield who was one of the main characters in the first Resident Evil game. Both characters get their own set of weapons and storylines, but it doesn&#8217;t matter what order you play them in.The gameplay features the same basic principles as the first game. You have to solve puzzles, use a limited supply of ammunition, herbs to heal wounds, carry only eight items, and use typewriters to save. It&#8217;s nice they stuck with the original format of the first game and I wish every Resident Evil game in the series was like this.You get some new weapons such as a bowgun, sub machine gun, spark gun and upgrades to Leon&#8217;s handgun, shotgun and magnum. The aiming feels more comfortable and you always seem to be in control of where you shoot. One downside is that auto aim isn&#8217;t set by default. When you start the game, you have to press &#8216;Select&#8217; to get to the options, select the controller settings and set the mode to &#8216;Type C&#8217; to turn the auto aim feature on. A nice new addition is that the character&#8217;s current health can be determined by their posture and movement speed. This makes it easier to tell what condition your player is in and you don&#8217;t have to go to the inventory screen to find out how much health you have like with the first game. The Item Boxes are back where you can store items you don&#8217;t need and pick up later, but a new item you can retrieve is the &#8216;Side Pack&#8217; which will allow you to carry two more items increasing your total to ten. Both Leon and Claire are joined by a support partner throughout the story. Leon is aided by a woman named Ada Wong who is searching for her boyfriend. Claire is aided by a 12 year old girl named Sherry who was told to go to the police station because of the dangers in Raccoon City. But even the police station is infested with zombies and bio weapons. The enemies in this game are really memorable; there are the lickers who are just terrifying and powerful, especially later in the game. Then there&#8217;s Mr. X who is like the Terminator, he always comes back to hunt you down.The most innovative feature in this game is that there are different scenarios in this game. Say you play as Leon and complete the game as him; well you can then play as Claire in that same scenario to find out the true ending. And you can&#8217;t play Claire&#8217;s second scenario by popping in the second disc for the first time to play as her, you have to unlock it first. So in total, there are four possible scenarios in this game.Another innovative feature is that you get a ranking based on the total amount of time it took to complete a scenario, the number of saves and healing items you use. If you do well, you can unlock some goodies such as infinite ammo for a sub machine gun, gatling gun, rocket launcher, unlock special outfits and three new mini games. The first mini game, you play as Hunk, whose mission is to escape the Raccoon City Police Department with the latest G-Virus created by Umbrella. The second mode is known as &#8220;Extreme Battle&#8221; in which you play through the entire map of the game and you have to locate four special bombs to destroy the T-Virus in Umbrella&#8217;s Lab before it can cause a lot of damage. You get to play as four characters: Leon, Claire, Ada and Claire&#8217;s brother Chris. Each has their own set of weapons and you can adjust a difficulty setting to fight stronger monsters including bosses from the regular game. The third and final game mode is called &#8220;Tofu&#8221; and it is the strangest mini game I have ever seen. You play as this giant block of Tofu (Yes, I am dead serious, a giant piece of Tofu) and in terms of the objective it&#8217;s the same as Hunk&#8217;s mission except you play as Tofu, who is only equipped with a combat knife, so it makes this mini game very difficult to complete. I&#8217;ve completed the mode as Hunk, but never as Tofu. The good news however is that Tofu takes a lot of hits to kill so basically the only way to complete this game is to run. Don&#8217;t even bother fighting the enemies, the knife in Resident Evil 2 is just extremely weak and isn&#8217;t worth the time. Still this mode is worth playing just for the amusement factor because Tofu says some funny Japanese phrases whenever he gets hurt. It&#8217;s funny, even though I can&#8217;t understand it. It is also pretty difficult to unlock, you have to get an A ranking at least six times to play this mini game. For the Extreme Battle and Hunk, you only need two A rankings.One thing I didn&#8217;t mention yet is that the music is really awesome. It has orchestral themes and even opera themes and it fits the game very well. There were many different versions of this game. There was an updated version on PlayStation called Resident Evil 2: Dual Shock Edition which is the same as the regular game except it supports the PlayStation&#8217;s DualShock controller&#8217;s analog stick and vibration function. The Extreme Battle Mode I mentioned is exclusive only to the Dual Shock Edition. There&#8217;s also a &#8220;Rookie&#8221; mode which gives the player a Machine Gun with infinite ammo at the start of the game, but you can&#8217;t unlock the other mini games playing this difficulty even if you get an A ranking, you have to play Normal mode to unlock them. Another cool thing about the Dual Shock Version is you can use a cheat code to give yourself unlimited ammo. You just go to the control settings, hold R1 and press square repeatedly until the icon turns red. This version was later released on the PlayStation Store as a PS One Classic on the PlayStation 3.There were also ports on the PC and Dreamcast with slightly better graphics, higher frame rate and an art gallery. There was even a port on the Game com. It was a s***ty 2D black and white handheld console by Tiger. That port is just pathetic; I&#8217;m not even going to discuss it. The best port however is the Nintendo 64 version. The sound on the Nintendo 64 version is better than the PlayStation&#8217;s version, it has updated graphics, new costumes, a setting to adjust the violence and blood color, a more responsive aiming control scheme, new files, cheat codes to give you infinite health and ammo and the most interesting feature of all is a randomizer to place items differently during each playthrough so it definitely has more variety. The only thing it&#8217;s missing is the Extreme Battle mini game. But this port is equally as good as the PlayStation&#8217;s version.Any criticisms I have with this game? Well it&#8217;s hard for me to think of things I don&#8217;t like about this game, I guess a minor criticism is that you can&#8217;t skip the in game cut scenes, you couldn&#8217;t do that in the first game and it&#8217;s a minor annoyance when you already played the game a million times like I did and just want to get through the game. The problem most people have with this game is the beginning. You start the game surrounded by about ten zombies with a slow handgun. The first time playing, you only have a few seconds to figure out the controls until the zombie&#8217;s corner and kill you. It definitely sounds like a terrible idea to start next to the zombies. My strategy is to just run away. Hold square, press up on the d-pad to run and use up-left and up-right to get around the enemies. Once you figure that out, it isn&#8217;t too hard to get past the zombies and give yourself some breathing room. It did take me a while to figure out the controls but I&#8217;ve mastered it and you can too. The voice acting in this game is much better than the first Resident Evil, but still nothing too special. That&#8217;s about all the criticisms I can think of.When I was a kid, I used to play the s*** out of this game and in my opinion; this is undeniably not only the best Resident Evil game, but the best survival horror game and one of the best PlayStation games I have ever played. This game still manages to be very scary, if you&#8217;re playing this for the first time, you are guaranteed to be so scared; your heart will burst out your chest. Trust me; I had my jumps even to this day. It&#8217;s more fun playing this game alone in your room in the dark, with the volume turned up. This makes for a terrifying and memorable experience. I absolutely love this game, it&#8217;s just a masterpiece. I&#8217;d recommend getting the version from the PlayStation Store to play on the PS3 for only $6, or the regular PlayStation version or the Nintendo 64 version. Those are the best options. The replay value is very high for me and I could play this game at any time. You will admire this game and it&#8217;s by far the best in the entire series.
I love playing this game on my PS2. I'm not even going to get the gamecube version because it's exactly the same as the good old PSone version. Very entertaining and mysterious.
My friends and I got this when it first came out so long ago in like 99 or something like that.  Might have been earlier too.  Anyways, I played it through myself on Leon first and the game had an amazing storyline and the RPG part of the game is amazing.  There are a few challenging mini puzzles which can be very annoying, much like Zelda, but once you get past them all is well again.  I would highly recommened this game to anyone, and compared to the gore they have in nowadays games, this is nothing.
I bought this game the day it came out,I was very impressed then and this game still impresses me today,Ilove the story and Leon is my favort charicter.Thats why I am looking foward to RE4 for Gamecube.
Capcom followed up the surprise success of the original Resident Evil with this blockbuster smash in 1998.  Resident Evil 2 had everything the original had plus tons more; bigger more detailed environments, weirder puzzles, more suspense, more blood and gore, and a compelling story that kept the gamer on the edge of their seat.  In this installment you play as rookie cop Leon Kennedy or Claire Refield: the sister of Chris from the first game.  Instead of a secluded mansion like the first game, this time all of Raccoon City has been infected by Umbrella's virus and you have to wade through an assortment of flesh eating zombies, mutated dogs, hunters, a new monster called the Licker (whose introduction in the game is one of the most unforgettable parts in any video game), and some unbelieveably grotesque beasts who will stop at nothing until your dead.  Resident Evil 2 was an instant smash hit upon it's release and has since been regarded as a classic video game and an essential play for any gamer.  Since then, the game has been re-released on other systems such as the Dreamcast, Nintendo 64, and most recently the Gamecube; so now gamers of any generation can play one of the most addicting and innovative games of all time.
I just loved RE 2 when it came out and even more scary then the first game. you play as Leon Kennedy or Claire Redfield.  there is one area in the Police station that when I went down a Hall..Scared the hell out of me and made me actually jump from my chair.  that's the type scare I enjoy.it was that good because you didn't expect it. every time I play this game and come to that place in the game  never fails to make me jump.. this game has two hidden characters.  Plus based on who you play Leon or Claire, you met two new characters in the game.I recommend this game to any fan of the Resident Evil series.
AFTER GETTING INTO '' RESIDENT EVIL '' I KNEW THIS GAME WAS OUT FOR A WHILE NOW ,SO I DECIDED TO PICK IT UP  !!IT WAS A VAST IMPROVEMENT OVER THE FIRST GAME . THE DIALOGUE WAS MUCH BETTER ASWELL AS  THE GRAPHICS ! PLUS YOU COULD PLAY AS 2 DIFFERENT CHARACTERS INTHE SAME GAME BUT WITH DIFFERENT STORIES. PLUS NEW OTHER FEATURES AS WELL .. THESE GAMES ARE GREAT TO PLAY OVER AND OVER AGAIN. AND YOU DON'T EVEN NEED TO CHEAT AT THEM. PLUS BEING LOTS OF FUN .. PLAY ROOKIE MODE AND HAVE COOL MACHING GUNS WITH TONS OF AMMO FOR LEON ..AND PLAY '' RESIDENT EVIL -NEMESIS '' TOO !! IT ROCKS MAN ! I NOW HAVE TO TAKE OUT ALL 4 GAMES TO PLAY AGAIN TO DRIVE MY WIFE CRAZY !! SO GET IT TODAY ! YOU WON'T BE BORED WITH TONS OF DIALOG THAT YOU HAVE TO SIT THRU , LIKE IN RPG GAMES. BUT YOU WILL LOVE HEARING THE STORY UNFOLD AND KILL ZOMBIES AND OTHER NASTIES ! SO TURN OUT THE LITES , AND SLAY SOME UNDEAD ASS !!!!!!!!
This game was a great survival horror advernture.  I still like 3 for some reason but this should be owned by every psx or gc owner.  The story is very good and interesting.  The game has two disks.  Each character has there own 2 versians.  LEON has 2 different ways of the game.  There are the A and B games for each character.  LEON and CLAIR have both a's and b's.  I like all versians even though the b gives you an extendid deed to do in the game and shows you the true resident evil2 game ending wich leads to the events to resident evil 4!The game disks should take about 6 to 9 hours if you dont have a guid. The a and b games are both pretty difficult if you dont have a guid.  The game is amazing and has a great character desighn like ada wong.  Sad how it ends for leon even thoe the b game leaves you wanderin about her during your fight with the new mutated tyrant in his b game.  Over all this is one of the best in the series next to 2 and remake.Leon returns in the next resident evil game wich is in titledResident Evil 4Get 2 cause you wont be dissapointed.  Its a psx classic.  I have bin playing that game since I got it and that was about in 1998 wich is when it came out.So go get it psx gamers.
This game is precious because it introduced Claire Redfield, Leon S. Kennedy, Ada Wong, and Sherry Birkin. Where would we be without Claire, Leon and Ada? They are a big part of what makes the Resident evil Series, without them, it wouldn't be nearly as good! The Best part about this game is the Leon/Ada Kiss in Leon's B scenario :).
The second instalment of the classic Resident Evil series remains the biggest and the best. With four missions it is a massive game and each scenario adds its fair bit of challenge. The ending to the B scenario is mind-blowing, absolutely brilliant. There is a superb plot and it is great the way that the two scenario's (i.e. Leon A &amp; Claire B) run parallel to each other and fit in with the storyline. Some people say that this is a bit short but when you finally complete all four scenario's on easy and hard mode then you will truly appreciate the challenge that this game has to offer. There are extra games such as the HUNK and TOFU scenario that add even more depth and challenge to an already massive game. The police station gives a very atmospheric setting to the game and the new batch of monsters can also give you a hard time. This is a landmark game for the Playstation and the whole Resident Evil series is fantastic. Hopefully, this quality of gaming can continue onto the Playstation 2.
A bad ass game live the whole series on the game so far they did a great job on making these games and lost this one and had to have it again.
Few games have endured in my collection like Resident Evil 2. The graphics are old, dated, and painful in the year 2011 where Dead Island and Dead Rising 2 are the dominant Zombie games. But it looks well enough to play for days and months on end. The gameplay is clunky and clumsy, but it is a horror game designed to make you feel inadequate and somewhat unprepared for the adventure you are thrown into. The story is Sci-Fi Originals bad and in hard to understand, but that was what they were going for.Honestly, everything about the game should not work. It does alot wrong, but it does MORE right. Yes, it all meshes together into a really good game. Yes, in a few years it will be a painful to play as, say, Pitfall for the Atari, but even when it is thriteen years old it is still F-U-N to play.I played it non-stop when I had my PS1, continued to play it with my PS2, and even now, after I got an Xbox 360 and play other games, I still plug up my PS2 and play some RE2 once and awhile. Yes, I can see the blocky graphics, bad audio, and ect, but I LOVE this game. It's my favorite of all time. I can give you a detailed walkthrough RIGHT NOW for every scenario in the game.Get this game if you Love Killing Zombies. Get it if you love puzzles. Get it if you love guns. Get this game period.
Resident Evil 2 picks up a little after the original game in the series. The virus that the evil Umbrella corporation has been researching managed to get out into the open, and people have been dropping dead like flies as a result. The story begins when two central characters are separated in a car crash, and both try to survive long enough to work out what on Earth is going on in Racoon City. It sounds like a very basic, even threadbare plot, and to tell the truth, it is. But therein lies the charm of Resident Evil and most all of its sequels. One can go anywhere, do anything, kill anything, and apart from the frustration of winding up with nowhere to go at times, the game will not penalise the player for it. In this day and age where racing simulators are nothing more than knowing which lever to jerk when, it makes for a nice change.Of course, as the main influence makes clear, the player soon finds themselves battling with undead citizens (and worse) throughout the course of the game. Those who like to kill everything in sight may find the going a little tough, as the game rewards the player for knowing what to kill and when. A zombie in a wide, open area does not require immediate shooting, but a licker in a confined space should be put down as quickly and quietly as possible. Knowing the difference can literally decide whether you complete this game or not. But if one does get into a situation where they are low on ammunition and are not sure where they are meant to go, they can simply keep exploring until a solution presents itself. Such is the quality of the artwork on offer that it takes a while for this to become boring.One criticism of the game that is perfectly valid is that the zombie models only seem to have four varieties. Occasionally, different types will appear if certain conditions are met, such as not picking up any items during the trip to the police station, but for the most part, it is a rather generic bunch. Another problem is the save point system, which can make the quest seem repetitive at times if resumed. However, the fun of the game truly lies in revealing threads of the plot, which, while occasionally clich&eacute;, is put together like an elegant series of Chinese boxes. Questions are raised constantly, and half the fun is in finding the answers. In a complete contrast to the second feature film, the motions and attacks of the enemy are completely consistent, and even make sense from a biological point of view. One other criticism I have that applies to all of the Resident Evil games I have played to date is that in so-called tense moments, when a mass-attack by zombies or other terrors begins, one can often tell when they have completely beaten off their opposition by when the background music calms down. Although I am not entirely sure that is a bad thing.The replay value of the game is heightened by the ability to complete one character's quest, save the results, and use them on the other's. What one does in one game directly affects what happens in the other. Decisions such as who should take the submachine gun, for example, are of great importance in the game, as are such things as opening doors or killing certain major enemies. Getting into the underground lab towards the end of the game is quite a chilling moment, too. Notwithstanding the fight that takes place on the way down, this deserted research lab is enough to put the wind up any a dedicated viewer of horror films. A contrast, as it were, to the godawful second film adaptation.If I were giving Resident Evil 2 a score, it would be ten out of ten. Sure, it is looking old considering it was originally released on the PlayStation and Dreamcast, but unlike the vast majority of games, it has the ability to withstand the test of time. It is well worth hunting around the stores that specialise in second-hand or liquidated stock for.
This game has very good graphics for a PS game and the action and music.The game is very good and has 22 worlds,although they're short.What I dont like is that,you can only save when you pass a world,and thats bad because if you're doing perfect in the world but then you die,you'll have to do it all over again.The game has 4hands up and 1con,so I recommend it if you like zombie killing,horror action games.
This is a fun game.There are some better games in the history of PlayStation games,such as Crash Bandicoot:Warped,which is not violent,like this is just a little.But it's great enough to be given at least 5 stars.
THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST ENJOYABLE GAMES, I'VE EVER HAD THE PLEASURE TO PLAY !!IT IS FAIRLY SIMPLE , NOT TO MENTION LOADS OF FUN TOO !! THERE ARE ONLY A FEW HARD BOSSES , BUT WORTH THE PLAYING TIME . ONE TIP , ALWAYS STOCK UP ON AMMO , AND USE THE FOUNTAIN OF REJUVINATION ALWAYS .THROW YOUR DRUMSTICKS AT ENEMIES FOR HEALTH PICKUPS; BUT YOU GET THEM LATER IN THE GAME.  USE YOUR CROSSBOWS FOR BOSSES -AND PAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO THE BOOKS SCATTERED THRU THE LEVELS .THEY GIVE YOU CLUES.ALL IN ALL IF YOU YOU WANT TONS OF FUN , THEN GET THIS GAME! YOU 'LL CERTAINLY PLAY IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN !!
So I was seting up for the next stream and then I found this lying around, I started to remember "Oh man this game was a lot of fun" so I started to play it again and it still is fun today. So here I am sitting here on Amazon.com and figured "well since my next stream is going to be for a Playstation game why not this first?"MediEvil is a hack and slash game involving the undead, but unlike popular games that involves zombies in some way like Resident Evil this one is less....realistic. The game has a cartoon feel and the back of the box even says that, I usually love cartoons and this one fits the bill in terms of both comedy and graphics. The story is that there is this story teller for a king who kind of went off the deep end by saying he slain an evil wizard named Zarok. Zarok, who overhears this, decideds to declare war and horrified by this and believing in Fortesques (the story teller) story he sends him out to battle but Daniel goes down at the first shot with a welhelm scream and everything. 100 years later Zarok returns but so does Fortesque but this time the cowardly knight is a skeletal one.MediEvil's controls are a little awkward but once you get the hang of them it becomes quite nice, the atmosphere of this game is dark and gritty but not too much. As I said before the gameplay is a hack and slash type thing like God of War but less gory... much, much, much, much, MUCH less gory than that game and it does throw around puzzles. The game does beg for you to get every single chalice (collectables) by throwing in a lot of challenges that can make it easier to complete if you have a certain weapon such as enemies having an insane amount of health and would take literally forever to kill with your second to strongest sword. Because of this getting a 100% on this game is really easy and there is no bad ending for doing a No Chalice run if you so wish to do so.The music is outstanding and some of it is memorable, one of my favorite tracks is the ending theme of this one, the music is compose of a synthesizer and other normal instruments.So how would I rate this game, well I think this game is perfect and is and always on the number one spot of my top ten list of favorite games of all time. For that this game gets a 10/10 stars from me, music, gameplay, and graphics are always great and the controls are a bit awkward as I said but once you get used to it then this game is a blast. ALL HAIL SIR DANIEL FORTESQUE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So much fun.My husband and I played this game til we all but wore it out.We still have it, and now that we're back into gaming again, intend tohook up the PS and play it still.  It's just that good.I wish someone would come out with an updated version for the Wii or later,b/c we'd def buy it!
As part of the core Team at SONY Computer Entertainment that worked on the development of the Crash series, and helped propel Naughty Dog into the Video Game Industry as a premier Developer, with these million seller Crash games. I'm proud of what we did, and I STILL enjoy the Crash Bandicoot gameplay and graphics. Buy them up folks. I had to buy these because my little girl gave my copies to her little friends back in the '90s. I hadn't given it much thought until now, and realized that I just had to have my own copies again. Yes, I STILL have PlayStation 1, 2, & 3 consoles and WILL buy the second generation PS-4.
This item was purchased as a gift for my Grandson, it was requested by him and his mother, they both love the game. It has worked flawless since they received it.
Great game, fun old classic, very basic and easy to catch on to.  Much funner than the first one.
I gave this to a young man as a gift.  He is very excited about the game and has enjoyed it very much.  He is happy and thinks it is just what he wanted.  I am not familiar with the product, but if he is happy...I am happy.
YOU CAN NOT MISS THE CHANCE TO OWN ONE OF THIS IF YOU LIKE CRASH BANDICOOT GAMES.
I have never managed to beat the game, can't imagine how some people claim to do so in 5 hours.  My 5 year old has finally figured out how to play these games on the playstation.  She was getting frustrated with Crash, until I found the code that allows you to go to any level and play.  Plus if you go to the Castle Machinery level first, you get 20 some free lives and then can go where you want.  Find the password screen and punch in: T(triangle),T,T,T,X,S(square),T,T,T,T,S,X,T,O,T,T,T,O,S,T,X,X,X,X. Maybe it is cheating, but for us folks that have a hard time beating the game, it makes playing it more fun!
This game took me quite a few tries to get, but now that i got it, i played the heck out of it. one of my faves, for i have the 2nd and third part. I just wish someone could tell me how to go about getting all the gems after u defeat cortex on this first part i got here.
when famous sonic was out now enter bandicoot. this story tell about myster that can be destoryed a dr neo cortex was a mad scitent  which ordered nitus brio to create a animals but now cortex have created the bandicoot which can be there leader.all animals where out of control only crash survies konwing that cortex was a bad guy now he most jonury throrugh places to get back to cortex fortess.
This is the second best Crash. The best is Crash 2. The complaints what people will go on are being able to move backwards and forwards like a 2D game, Well it was back in 1995 or so. The game isn't hard until 65% through.Buy this if you want a very good platformer.
This is one hard game. But it is nicely designed thought, in some ways. People may say that the save system and difficulty of levels are not good. But, in my opinion they are just fine. The save system is the worst I have ever seen, but it just makes the game that much harder. The way it works is, for most levels, there is a bonus level. Once you finish that level, which dissapointingly is very short, you can save the game. But, not all the levels have this bonus level, which makes it really hard. You have to get through a few levels in some cases to get to a bonus level. And the thing is, each time you load the game, it starts out with four lives, no matter how many you had when you saved. So that makes it really hard. What you have tio do is play the levels in the beginning to rack up lives. But get this: once you play the level once and collect all the lives, you cannot collect many more. If you play it again, you will not be able to get as many lives as before. The boxes normally filled with lives are now just filled with fruit. Collect 100 and get another life. But that takes a while. And also, you can only play the bonus level once. If you save the game and try to play it again, you can't. So, you really have to work hard. Pacman World is so much easier than this. With this, you really will get frustrated. It is not as fun as Pacman World, or Crash Bandicoot 2. That is a better game than this one. But, for a first try, the company did a good job. The music is one of the best things in this game. Crash's powers and moves are limited though, but the graphics are good for 1996. It is 2011, I know, but it is not too late to buy this game if you have a playstation 1 or 2. But be ready for a challenge.
I'm semi serious about this. This game is tough. It's an excellent platformer, one of the all time best for that matter, but some of the levels are rage inducing.Crash is the perfect mascot/icon for Sony and they let him go. At the time when Sony needed one, Crash was there and sold systems. He was the face of Playstation and it's baffling why they didn't hang on to him. Just ask Nintendo or Sega what the advantages of a mascot are. Nintendo is dead without Mario and after many failed attempts, Sega is still trying to resurrect Sonic. Crash was perfect for Sony. He's funny, has attitude, likable and recognizable and the games we're the first, really good 3D platformers for the next generation. He also provided a stable franchise for the younger audience, which every company knows they want and need. What happened here? Man, I remember the commercials when a guy in a Crash outfit went to Nintendo headquarters and stood outside with a bullhorn and was taunting Mario, daring him to come out. Classic. That was Crash. Sony really dropped the ball here.Crash has never been the same since Naughty Dog let him get away. Other developers have made some very uninspired sequels with him, changing his looks, alliances and even voice. I know you can't do the same thing forever but none have come close to the success of Naughty Dog, when they held the reins of this franchise. Today, Crash sits in a woeful state, being made to participate in very un-Crash-like games.This game started it all though. This changed the platformer forever. While Mario and Sonic we're still going left to right in their side scrolling adventures, Crash took us into his world with glorious 3D. It said something about the future of games and consoles at the same time and it was only on Playstation. Even today, this is a very challenging platformer. Amidst the Ratchet's, Jak's, Sly's and 3D Mario's and Sonic's, the original Crash is about as tough as there is. But it's also compelling enough to want to keep going. You never don't know how your going to get through the level (they're linear afterall), it's getting the right timing and touch to do what needs to be done. There are some truly insane levels here that will test all your patience and nerve. But you'll just want to keep trying, at least till you get to your next save point so you know you don't have to do the level again that you just did. Fortunately, there's plenty of fruit and extra lives, but your gonna need them all.The audio, video, and play mechanics in the original Crash trilogy are spot on. These games still look, sound and play great today. They're a very few of the only original PSone games I can bare to look at, let alone play anymore. The look is perfect with bright colors and varied enviornments and the music and sounds are catchy and perfect for each stage. These games have aged extremely well and are a real tribute to the developers at Naughty Dog.There are a couple of downsides though. These games are really tough, maybe too tough for the average gamer or especially child. Some of this is intentional design and some I feel maybe the fact that 3D platforming was in it's infancy at this time. Some of the angles on jumps, just seem a little off. The perspective can make it really tricky. Another problem is that the save points can be a little far between. Not the check points during the levels, they are plentiful and life saving, but the save points. Sometimes, I just wanted to finish a level I'd been on for a while, save and quit. But then I'd find that I had to go through another whole level and a half, just to get the bonus round/save point. And even the bonus round was tricky sometimes as it's set up as a mini level requiring you to get from one side to the other but if you fell along the way, you'd have to restart the level to get back to it. Again, more challenge and patience testing. My final complaint is that sometimes you'd have a nice number of lives you've accumulated from previous levels, say 20 or so, you save, come back and you only start with 4!!! I want my lives, I earned them!!! On a final note, I downloaded Crash on my PS3 but cant save as it wont, even though PS2 games do, so I have to use passwords. It's a little annoying but if they didn't provide them, then I'd really never be able to save.For anyone new to Crash, looking to try it out, don't let any of this put you off. These (the first 3) are fantastic games overall. They're among the tip top in the platforming genre and are some of the most challenging but rewarding at the same time. Crash is truly a gaming icon and I hope some way, somehow, that his original developers can one day give him and us another grand adventure worthy of the name Crash Bandicoot.
The original Crash!! What a wonderful game! It revolutionized the gaming console! Created by the Naughty Dog team that went on to create what some consider the greatest PS3 game of all time, Uncharted 2. Crash is a non stop adventure loved by kids AND adults.
I love this game so much because it reminds me of my childhood. I played it for a little bit when I got it, but just love the classic style game overall. Can't go wrong for a classic PS1 game.
This video game is just great in every way. I am a huge Crash Bandicoot, and none of the Crash game I played beats the original. This game introduced a whole new way of video games and has great graphics for a PSone game. I would recommend this game to anyone old, or young, as anyone can just pick up this game and play it.
A very good classic game. I started off playing &#34;Crash Bandicoot Warped,&#34; so I had to buy the original and play it. This was a pretty easy game to beat, but it was fun playing the game that started it all.
Having helped bring the series to fruition back in the '90s I had a tremendous opportunity to see and play them. The Developer, Naughty Dog had a great idea, and we at SONY helped them succeed. I love the gameplay, the graphics, the music and the humor. Lots of great animations and funny sounds, such as: &#34;Oombadegha!&#34;. You'll just have to play the game to find out what I'm talking about. I'm proud to have been a part of the success of this series. The REAL tribute goes to the millions of you gamers who bought the game and enjoyed the fruits of our labor of love. Oombadegha!
Ah, Crash 2. One of my favorite games as a little kid. It's much better than the original.GAMEPLAY: 27 levels, [2 hidden] 25 crystals, 42 gems, and a bunch of secrets! The warp room allows you to choose 5 levels at a time. There are many weird secrets. Like in the first level, once you get the regular gem, return to level one, and don't break ANY boxes. You will get the blue gem. Plus, you can save any time, unlike the original. And you don't have to not die to break all of the boxes.GRAPHICS: Very good for a 1997 game. Everything looks great!MUSIC/SOUND: The music is very catchy, and the voices are decent.OVERALL: A great platformer for the Playstation! A must have!PS: You CAN refight bosses. If you have beaten a boss, hold triangle while going to the next warp roomto fight him again!
They told me i wouldn't get this game for at least another 3 weeks and i got it three days later,AWESOME THANK YOU 100%.
I used to play this game for hours back in my days and had wondered if it was still around.Sure enough it was.I have joy again.
Graphics: 8/10 - Really neat little things you might not notice. Sometimes a little too computerized, but still eye-catching.Sound: 8/10 - Very much improved from the first Crash Bandicoot. When things hit the ground, they make a bang, when creatures talk it's amazingly clear and when you're in danger, you certainly know by the sound a creature is making, the rumbling of the ground or the thrilling score.Value: 10/10 - This is one game you will start repeatedly and still have the same enjoyment level every time you play.Overall: 9/10 - A big improvement from the great first game. Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back has it all - story, characters, levels and fantastically constructed colouring and visuals.
OK this is not a junky review, I have been a gamer for more than 20 years and still gaming strong!, now a quick review simple and fast for those who don't like to read a lot, JUST GET IT if you love action adventure, platform games!!!!!.Now for pros.Elements to review:Game play: :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)Definitely a lot to do on part 2, great assortment of power and new moves!, the crativity invested in the artisting side and levels design its superb, the game introduces a new way to increase the challenge of trying to get everything in the game, as usual the controller configuration in the CB series its simple and easy to get use to, the comedy makes a better experience during frustation times!, if you liked the first CB, get this one now!.Plot::-) :-)Don't expect a final fantasy twisted style story plot here, in a few words N Cortext is back and tricks his greatest creation Crash to get him the so well known crystals, to power up his invention.Graphics::-) :-) :-) :-)For being a play station one game, the graphics engine rocks! The light effects, water, fire and of course crystal glass its awesome no doubt one of the best looking games in the pso library.Challenge:;-) ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-)It all depends, if you just want to fly throug the game without the secrets and stuff, this will be a piece of cake, but, trying to get all the relics in platinum, then get ready with a lot of patience!!!! This is were the game grows to a greater difficulty  or a real game.Final word::-) :-) :-) :-)Try to get the original trilogy and well just get it, if you don't like it give it to me :-P see ya.
This is where the Crash Bandicoot games got really, really good. Everything that the first game got wrong; the second game got it right. The second game was released in 1997 as a PlayStation exclusive called Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back; obviously reference to Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back. This game is also available on the PlayStation Store as a PS One Classic to be played on either the PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable or PlayStation Vita for only $6 so I&#8217;d recommend getting that version if you are interested. Developed by Naughty Dog, published by Sony Computer Entertainment and distributed by Universal Interactive Studios, the second game was better than the first game in pretty much every way. The second game takes place immediately after the first one as Doctor Neo Cortex survives the battle against Crash in the first game and decides to use crystals to power the Cortex Vortex to take over the Earth. He decides to abduct Crash Bandicoot to gather the crystals making him believe he wants to use the crystals to save the Earth. We also meet Crash&#8217;s sister Coco who is suspicious of Cortex&#8217;s true intentions. Meanwhile, Doctor Nitrus Brio who was Cortex&#8217;s right hand man wants Crash to gather gems so he could destroy Cortex and the Cortex Vortex orbiting Earth so we are presented with many people wanting to side with us, all with different intentions.The gameplay is a platformer in which you control Crash Bandicoot across 30 levels to gather crystals and gems. The game takes place in a series of six &#8220;Warp Rooms&#8221; which as the hub areas of the game. Each Warp Room contains five portals leading to a level. The goal of the level is to obtain crystals and gems throughout the path. Crystals are placed somewhere along the path whereas gems are obtained by either destroying all the crates, or in bonus levels or secret levels; once you obtain the crystal or gem, you have to reach the end of the level, if you exit the level by using the start menu with a crystal, you will lose it. I guess they made it that way to be hard. Once you obtain all five crystals in a Warp Room, you then have to ride the platform in the center of the room to move to the next Warp Room, however you have to fight and defeat a boss character before gaining access. Ripper Roo is back as a boss who is one of the more interesting bosses as he goes from a genius scientist to a mentally unstable psychopath when Crash hurts him, I can&#8217;t help but laugh at this. Then there&#8217;s the fight with Tiny Tiger across floating platform that drop, the goal is to have Tiny be on that platform when it drops and in true cartoon fashion he floats in the air for about a second and then falls, I love that. I was kind of disappointed that the final boss fight was too easy, but whatever.The gameplay is like the first game except with new controls, Crash can now slide across the ground, perform a body slam, crawl on all fours and even slide across the ground and jump immediately to reach higher places. Some enemies can only be defeated by one of these methods so the game has strategy which is nice. The boxes are back which once again have to be broken in order to obtain extra lives and gems. But what&#8217;s nice is you can die and still get the gem without having to restart the level like with the first game. A new famous box is the Nitro Boxes which explode upon any physical contact, but fortunately there is a green colored box with an exclamation mark on it that will explode all the Nitro Boxes in the level once struck. The game also features bonus levels which contain hidden boxes, extra lives and even gems.As a kid, I played the s*** out of this game. It was only recently I managed to beat it 100% because it is both challenging and fun, but it&#8217;s easier than the first game so if you were expecting a greater challenge, you will be disappointed, but the controls, smoother gameplay and the fact you can save anytime you want as long as you are in the Warp Room makes this game a far superior game than the first one.FINAL RATING: 9.5 out of 10.
2nd to this is Crash 1. The graphics are still great(I got this in 1999)and so are the levels. The saving is alot better. I think that you can't compare this to Crash 3 and 4(on PS2) because it's so much more memorable.BUY IT.
This is what got me started. I started off with Crash Bandicoot 1 when it first came out. I love the whole concept of it and the games are soo fun. Its exciting and all the levels are different, they have been so creative its amazing.I love Crash and cannot wait until it comes out for PS3.
Crash goes along a little faster in a good way.  Not as slow to start out as one.  It also has the same fun characters, the same fun box smashing and running.  Lots of fun, great for kids and adults, a super fun game for the whole family.Later in installments Crash changed.  There was CTR or Crash Team Racing which is fun if you like racing, and even if you don't....but it's not about finding boxes and getting through areas like the originals.  Later there is one where you and a friend can play at once (Titans I think) and  it's my very least favorite. There is also Crash Bash (LOVE THAT ONE, so fun, super for family time! But not the same 'story line' type as the early ones.This one is just more of what you loved about Crash Bandicoot the first.Super fun for the whole family, will keep your kids busy and entertained for hours and hours. TOTALLY replayable, can last for years if you love Crash.
In fact, I always tended to enjoy this one more than the previous, due to the fact that they made it less frustrating at times.In this game, Crash "helps" Cortex to "save the world" by collecting crystals, despite the fact that Crash's sister, Coco, knows Cortex's true intentions. However, Crash doesn't know until near the end, due to a terrible signal quality.The gameplay and design has changed a lot with this title. Crash can now use the circle button to duck, slide when moving and crouch jump. There are less levels, but they are divided into five Warp Rooms with five levels each (with a bonus warp room included). Plus you can actually save whenever you please!Along with these, there are also more level settings, whether it would be the woods, the cold, the sewers, even the ruins. Remember when you rode the hog in the first game? Well, this time, you ride a polar bear cub instead.You still collect gems in this game, but the mandatory ones are the crystals mentioned before in each level, which are easy to obtain. You still will receive a box gem for destroying every box (even the new Nitro boxes which should not be touched until you reach the green ! switch), except you can use up as many extra lives as you want and still get the gem as long as each box is destroyed. The color gems still serve the same purpose, even though there are only 5. The gems are more challenging to get and will still give you a reason to keep playing.While this game may seem a bit short, it is still a fun platformer released in the PS1 days.
this game is mad fun, gets harder as you go along on the levels and some levels seem to be impossible to flip, but thats the way its suppose to be.i recommend this.
I think this game is more than most of the review make it out to be. This game is SUPPOSED to be challenging, and it is not as frustrating as most think. It's actually really adorable, and has a good setting with cute characters. The camera mode you do have to fiddle with though. But you do get used to it. I was definately hooked on this game, cute, challenging, and fun. 5 stars all the way!
This is completely for you this game consists of many things that make it an awesome classicLots to collect5 stars on this#1. This is a platform game so theres much to collect such as white crystals they are like your health bar get hit once lose them all but you get about 5-7 seconds to pick them up again after that poof their gone gobbos their hidden all over every level theres 6 in total 5 in the main area and 1 in the secret challange area to get to this you have to collect 5 color crystals to unlock a special door theres also keys in some levels small silver keys are usually to unlock a small cage contaning a button to open a door  or a gobbo jumping around speaking its snout off but in some cases theres no switch for this look for a large gold key that will usually open a door with a gold keylock on it the key will dissapear after use.#24 stars on thisthe controlls are quite comfortable exept this difficulty that haunts me through the whole game is the camera angels it dosent let you adjust it appently it ajusts itself in a in a pretty dumb way which makes it hard to jump from platform to platform making it frustrating to repeat over and over but that can be overlooked with the awesome gameplay#3 5 stars on this I love the bosses from some that chase and tackle you to some that shoot fire and ice bolts at you some that jump at you from the water not to mention the obstacles like when jumping little fire balls with faces running around a platform or flame or ice blotches jumping up from the ice river or lava river so be carefull when jumping#4 characters are really cute not much violence in this game but dont be fooled its a pretty tough game itl take a while to beat 100% so this isnt only for kids#5 this game is just so well put together i love the music its so calming and relaxing the story is deep without having many cutsceens and the graphics are pretty nice has a few difficulty not as seamless as they say but it still has pretty clear graphics#6 its just plain awesome oh wait your waiting for cons right THERE ARE NONE! just the whole camera angle thing but its not much value on the scale of awesomeness so go out get this it will last very long months of entertainment if you want 100% oh and not to spoil anything but theres special jigsaw puzzle peices that unlock a secret!........ well i cant say read the manual and see where it takes you enjoy this great classic!
I saw Doom for the first time about 10 years ago when a friend of mine was playing it on his computer....and up until that point, playing old 8-bit Nintendo games summed up a fun day for me. Don't get me wrong, and I'm not knocking some NES classics here at all by any means, but I must say, I fell in love with Doom the moment I saw it. Too bad the (...) was so hooked too that he wouldn't let me play.So....fast forward to the release of the Playstation....and the eventual release of Doom. I bought Doom the first day it came out....and my Playstation wasn't turned off for 32 straight hours. I ABSOLUTELY love first-person shooter type games, and aside from Rise Of The Triad (the first FPS I ever played) Doom turned my world upside down.This is, by far, the best video game on the planet....hell, in the universe.The translation from the PC to the Playstation was flawless....hell, in my opinion, it's even better. You get all of the Doom and Doom II levels, and an additional 5 secret levels custom-made for the Playstation only. That's 59 total levels of mayhem....an immersive quest that you can NOT tear yourself away from.Sure, by today's standards, the graphics are primitive and full of sprites and look a little blocky when you're up close....the enemies and items are modeled in 2D, meaning you can never look at their backside....and heck, you can't even jump....but....WHO CARES? This game is heaven, and even today, will still scare the (...) out of you....even if you memorized the location of every enemy in the game, knowing what to expect around every corner.Don't believe me? Well try this situation on for size: You just cleared out a room full of Imps and Sergeant Zombies with every last round of shotgun ammo you had. You turn the next corner and hello....there's a Baron of Hell. *Change weapon to BFG9000* (...), you only have enough ammo for one shot. You aim, shoot, and barely hit the moron. He's still coming at you....and, as you cycle through your weapons....you notice only your pistol has ammo left. Oh (...). *runs*That right there is the definition of fun....excitement....and horror....all making this game the number one video game of all time.11 out of 10....and yes I did that on purpose....as Doom is more than perfect....
After the success of "Wolfenstein 3-D" and the birth of the first-person shooter genre, the intelligent, creative teams at ID Software would forge ahead with an even deeper game: Doom.  John Romero is hailed for this classic game of monster hunting.  Read on to see why this is a classic.THE GOODWell, obviously it's the "granddaddy" of the genre.  You get an array of weapons, my personal favorite being the chainsaw.  There's nothing better than chopping up a red demon and watching the blood scatter.  The music is also VERY eerie, as if something is about to pop out at you (even though it never does to the extent of, let's say, Silent Hill).  Even though the graphics are outdated, the level designs are very well done and many of them are tricky and cleverly designed.  THESE GUYS WANTED YOU TO WORK HARD TO PASS A LEVEL.I also must add that the controls are very customizable.  If you don't have Doom for your computer, this is your best bet on the console.  After all, this has Doom, Doom II, AND Ultimate Doom!THE BADAre you kidding?!  IT'S DOOM!OVERALLEven outdated, this game stands the test of time.  You have games today (not all of them, I'm not being politically correct, so bite me!) that all you do is... you guessed it, kill people.  Doom not only had you kill monsters (and with bloodlust), you had to find the right key to open the door, face MORE monsters lurking behind it, and work your way through seemingly endless labyrinths.  Sound hard?  Yes, but that's the idea; this is a prime example of the way a first-person shooter game should be done.  It's a shame that future games didn't follow a similar formula (although Red Faction and Half-Life are your best bets of today).  In any case, Doom is a classic and should NEVER be forgotten.  Grab your BFG and perhaps a Rocket Launcher and HUNT THIS GAME DOWN.  You won't regret it.
Its an unfortunate fact that people are looking to games like the Call Of Duty series to fill their gaming demands when people are also forgetting that this little game called Doom is 1 of few reasons that first-person shooters like Call Of Duty actually exist.Wolfenstien 3-D, another piece from ID Software, was the first real conception of first-person shooters, and then Doom popularized the genre by ID throwing in 2-D and 3-D sensibilities: Practically threw in everything you could say.Doom is an adventure FPS where you play a space trooper trying to figure out what the heck is going on as monsters and demons of Hell invade Earth and then your motivation is to shoot em down with weapons and/or mow em down with a chainsaw: simple as that. I cant tell you how many times i would walk around an area and have monster jump out at me, or walk into a dark area in the game only for something to suddenly jump out!! Yes this game is scary!Even though the game has dated graphics, it still stands the test of time as a true classic and a great investment to anyone willing to play this.
This game broke new ground for the video game industry, and not just for the violence, but for the environments and gameplay. This PS1 game is Doom and Doom II bundled into one, and it's great. Playing it on a PSX or PS2 is just as good, if not better, than playing it on a PC. It's a blow to political correctness everywhere.
Love it or hate it, Doom was indeed one of the most controversial and popular games of the early 1990's, due to its violent content and satanic imagry. Doom was among some of the violent games that were blamed for the shooting at Colombine High School in Denver, Colorado. Doom was even ordered to be banned by religious protestors. But despite all that, Doom is still one of the hottest shooting games in U.S. It's my favorite game on the PC. I play almost every day on my computer at home. I would love to own this game on the Playstation because, it is, by far, the best version of Doom ever!! I rented it from one of my local movie rental stores, and loved it. The graphics are pretty good, the sounds and music are very eerie, and the animation is excellent. And just like on the PC version, all of the weapons, levels, enemies, and cheat codes are here. If you play this game and love it, also get Final Doom for Playstation. Those who are offended by lots of satanic imagry and bloody action should steer clear.
I can't say anything about DOOM that has already been said only complainant is due to the fact that it's on a console it had to cut out levels & parts of levels out. It's of course a FPS it basically made the 1st person shooters popular cause like every other game now is a d@*&ntilde; FPS. But in DOOM you have to solve puzzles find key cards it just wasn't about running & gunning. It's got a simple but effective story in space scientist are experimenting with portals the Demons from h** come through & all h** breaks loose. eventually the Demons come to Earth & you have to stop the invasion. I can't do the game justice but yes if you never have played DOOM it's a great game & you go to war with your 9MM shotgun double barrel shotgun rotary cannon rocket launcher plasma rifle & the Big F**ing Gun!
Doom(1995). The Playstation rerelease of the 1993 classic, and also including the expansion, Ultimate Doom, and its sequel, Doom II.In this day in age, it's not that hard to take first person shooters for granted. They're EVERYWHERE in every shape and form on every system, literally clones of clones in a sense. What's even harder now is spotting the true gems that stand out within the genre. However, back in 1993 the FPS was unheard of commercially, and as difficult as it is to believe, the genre was a major revolution to gaming. Out of nowhere, the company iD Software showed up and introduced Wolfenstein 3D, the first real FPS. While it does stand as a gaming milestone of the early 90s, it didn't quite take off in the public. What did succeed however was their next project, which consisted of heavy weaponry, lengthy levels, demon slaughtering, BFG 9000s, and key collecting: the legendary Doom.Anyone who first experienced the game back in its height of popularity knows that Doom wasn't just a game, but a phenomenon. It has always consumed gamers (and continues to do so) into its ever addicting gameplay without compromise. The premise here is really simple: A base on Mars is attacked by Demons through a portal from Hell, and so the higher ups send the whole military platoon in to take care of the situation while you stand guard at the portal entrance. Of course, everyone gets wiped out except for you and now it's your job to go in and eliminate every last one Hell's minions. Yeah, it's a dumb story and it was eventually improved drastically with Doom 3 many years later, but the one aspect that makes these older Doom games superior to Doom 3 is that its simplistic storyline allows you to pick up the game from the get-go. There's no 30-minute CG cutscenes to introduce the game to you. There's no hour-long tutorial demonstrating how to play the game. No, immediately upon starting you're thrusted right into gameplay, and quite honestly I wouldn't have it any other way. Doom is to 3D what Contra is to 2D gaming: an instant, immersive, and entertaining experience, albeit somewhat mindless.Of course, most Halo and Unreal Tournament gamers of today will blindly slag off Doom simply because the game is old and because of its archaic graphics. Yes, the graphics do date this game a bit, plus its bloody, violent visuals look a lot more like a cartoon now than it did ten years ago, but people need to wake up and realize that a game is not fun solely based on how great the graphics are. The visuals are primitive, but you won't really care once you become immersed in the game.Another common complaint about Doom from people now is that "all you do is shoot monsters and collect keys". True, newer FPSs offer different things to do, but people take Doom's simplicity merely at face value and they seem to miss the point. One thing that Doom has on most other FPS games is in its ingenious level designs. The creators really took the time to make its monsters, levels, and the overall experience memorable in a way that makes you want to come back for more. The differences between Doom and Doom II may only seem like cosmetic upgrades, but as the games go along, the mazes become more and more intricate and cleverly designed. Having story missions and goals to complete is fun, but not at the expense of completely non-linear gameplay. Doom never skimps out on this aspect.Obviously the PC versions of the games are the best ones to play, but for those who happen to have a PS1/PS2 and caught onto Doom at a later date, this version will give you a real bang for your buck. With 2 games and an expansion, the whole package here offers about 60 levels, and 5 difficulty levels of nonstop action. One thing that is improved from the PC version is the sound. All the sound effects and monsters have improved noises, and all the droning level songs from the PC are replaced by an atmospheric, at times errie background soundtrack. As a Doom player for many years now, I believe this makes Doom that much better. Plus, the game feels very natural with a PS1 controller. Also, if you can ever find 2 PS1s, a link cable, 2 Doom games, and 2 TVs, the multiplayer option is well worth it.While other FPS games after Doom added a few new things here and there, very few were able to capitalize on Doom's greatest strength, which is its design. In fact, the only other FPS series to really impress me besides Doom is Half-life. I know that this review sounds like a bunch of praise, but a lot of the popular complaints are really nothing but hot air. However, I do wish that you could save the game via memory card instead of having to copy down passwords. That's my only gripe though. I give Doom my highest recommendation to open gamers looking for a challenge and a way to kill time. It's one of my all-time favorite games. In time, you too will agree that there's nothing quite like taking out a room full of zombie soldiers with a single double-barrel shotgun blast, jumping out of your seat as a group of angry imps pops out of a "monster closet"(hahaha), and dodging ferocious attacks by Barons Of Hell while you find health and attempt to take them out with a shotgun.Replayability: Very high. It's Doom. That's all that needs to be said.Other recommendations:-Final Doom (PC/PS1)-Doom 3 (PC)-Half-life (PC)-Half-life 2 (PC)-Jedi-Knight: Dark Forces II (PC).
Doom, Grand Theft Auto 3, Final Fantasy 7, Wolfenstein 3D, Resident Evil and Metal Gear Solid there are my favotite games of all time. Doom is definately a classic, the first time I played it on the computer, I was hooked. There's no telling how many hours I spent on this. As of many, I bought Doom the first day it came out on Playstation years ago. So too all you Halo players that have no clue what Doom is about, everytime you play Halo keep in mind that if Doom never existed most likely Halo wouldn't exist. The whole Doom series is definately worth owning. The Graphics and sounds are now way out of date but at the time they were amazing. This has some of the most complex levels imaginable, it'll keep you entertained for hours. So many games today are like so many other games. The ones that are special are the ones that stand out. This game took a risk to be different, and now it stands as being one of the best games ever created.
Doom and Quake have been two of the most incredible FPS series ever. Along with Turok and Half-Life, and even Medal of Honor, Doom is still one of my favorites. I don't even own it anymore, and last time I played it I was about six. While you were all watching Barney the dinosour, my dad and I were blasting demons with rocket launchers and taking out whole armies with a shotgun. I think Doom 3 is really just a remake of Doom 1, but if I had to choose between the two, I'd likely choose this one. Doom 3 is awesome and VERY addictive, but it's so realistic it tends to often freeze up a lot, and don't even get me started on Quake 4... But anyway, Doom was probably the first FPS game I ever played, although with my age, I wasn't really good at it at first. But if I were to play it now, I'd probably be halfway through the game in one day. I never even played Doom II, though my dad did show me the first level of it a long time ago. I wish ID would come out with another game like this, with a simpler story, and gameplay that's simple like this. I miss these old games a great deal, and not owning Doom anymore is beginning to hurt my brain. There's just no originality anymore with anything nowadays, it seems like too many things are stereotypical, or just plain typical. Old games are the best, and we need to make sure we get all the classic old games like this while we can, because they won't be there forever.
This worked just fine.  As it was for my daughter I had to have her check it out as this is all Greek to me.  Thank you.
For years,DOOM has been labeled as an evil video game,with extreme violence and satanic imagery.But I say hold on a sec here.I am a Christian myself,and I absolutley love this game.Why you may ask? ...because you get to destroy demons that are straight from Hell!!! I mean come on! What Christian wouldnt wanna love doing that in a video game??? Its not like you shoot people,like in the Grand Theft Auto games.Only people you shoot are fellow marines who are evil and sold out to Satan. So Christians....play with an open mind and understand the TRUE meaning of this game. It is good vs evil!!
Over the past few years, I have experienced many DOOM ports, and most of them were failures. Big failures. But before I go into the review, I'll tell what I expected out of this game. I expected this to be highly intense, packed full of action, and it to be faster than the original PC versions. But did this really live up to be what everyone expected? Answer is... heck yeah! This port is somewhat better than the PC versions. It has higher resolution, much more faster, and even scarier than the PC versions. People kept complaining that " Oh my god, this music sucks!" Well, in case you didn't know, it wasn't supposed to be that weird music. This totally fits the feeling of the game. Another thing they say is " They should have just made a direct port from the PC to the Playstation. Wow, do we really need another PC port DOOM? I don't think so. They have made a billion other PC ports. We really do need another, huh( sarcastic)? So you see, this game did live up to people's expectations. At least it did for me. Yet some people might beg to differ. So grab this game today and have some bloody fun!
To begin this review firsthand if you're the hi-res FPS and all those sophisticated functions make you happy?then by all means enjoy.The graphics are 2D and you can't duck behind rocks to shoot or yield two weapons at a time...this is old-school baby!So 'why rate this game so highly' you might ask?well here's why I like this particular Doom...*You'll get Ultimate Doom and Doom II(which was a dynamite sequel) with 50+ levels...that's a lot of game time.*Doom in general is just pulsing with atmosphere:from a listening perspective you can hear the monsters growling or the raspy sounds of the Imps down the hall which does mess with your head especially if they're blindsiding you.Flickering lights,stumbling into a room that's completely and full of monsters,or hitting a switch that unleashes a ton of monsters...defend yourself or die!The dark mood that Doom provides is very thick for early 90's fare.*Some people think for an old game like this there's lifeless brown or grey colored levels on flat land without even playing it...not true.Pentagrams everywhere,corpses impaled,walls made from flesh,scrolling walls made from intestines.I think it's the eighth level on Doom I you meet the barons of hell in the center a star-shaped room that's like a temple most unexpectedly...caught me completely off guard first time I ever played Doom and never forgot it.That's one thing about the older Doom games,chockful of surprising moments!*The enemies of Doom I were good but Doom II they just added more to the roster that were literally far tougher and could kill you quick if you weren't on your toes.Mass quantities of monsters coming at you at once as the Doom series I always found to possess the most intense battles you'll come across on a FPS game.That's not to call any of the newer games weak but by going 2D but ID Software was just able to dish out much more when it came to traps and high volume monster shooting.Conclusion:The controls were decently laid out,audio remastering did the trick,as far as I'm concerned this the inquiry of 'if it's as good or better than the PC version or not' because it's an obsolete game graphics wise.The framerate is pretty smooth to me and the graphics are spot on to me.A bad version of Doom was for the Sega 32X that was a very stripped down and clearly stuck out like a sore thumb to the PC version.The PS1 Version is an awesome alternative and is worth having....5-stars!
Jet Moto, Sony's answer to Wave Race 64, was an instant hit for Singletrac back in 1996. Singletrac, best known for its' Twisted Metal games, set out to make a futuristic racer in the vein of both Wave Race 64 and Wipeout and succeeded. Players control riders on hoverbikes which hover close to the ground and can be driven over land and water. The game utilizes a system called the Magnetic Grapple in which pressing an assigned button creates a magnetic attraction between the player's bike and red energy poles that are placed throughout the courses. This enables the rider to swing around tight turns with his bike without slowing down.  If done properly, it helps players cross gaps to large to get over as well as propelling riders out of turns alot faster than when going in. Chracters are split in teams with bikes adorned with logos of sponsors just like in real-life racing. 20 Characters and 3 tracks are available at the beginning, with seven more tracks unlockable by winning tournaments.Jet Moto is best known by fans for its' suicide courses. Tracks have a point A and point B. Racers begin at point A racing to point B and back again, all the while facing other oncoming racers coming towards them. It's also known for its' somewhat outrageous track structure mixed in with traditional courses.I fondly remember setting up all night on the weekends with friends playing this game, just to see who had bragging rights when the night was over. Most of the time they'd win but, every once in awhile, I would win. I'll admit, it took alot to beat this game. I love this game and still play it to this day.
Me and my friends used to play this game non stop for hours at a time when it first came out.  It was so addicting and so much fun playing with friends.  You can even upgrade your bikes I think.  Such a fun game.
This is the game that got me through medical school.  I still play from time to time and definately when old friends get together.  The physics is fantastic.  The strategy is to maximize your inertia.  Turbo on long straightaways.  Turn as little as possible.  Of course you do have to turn quite a bit.  Once you have won the season you get to do stunt races, where certain stunts recharge your boost.  After mastering the game it is still fun to try and race for times (whole course under 30 min is good) or race against a friend.  The sequal JM # 3 is also great, JM #2 I was never crzy about but it looks cool for ps1 graphics.
Great game!  I haven't played the other ones yet, but I really like this one a lot!  You get Ms. Pac-Man, Dig-Dug, Galaxian, Phozon, and The Tower of Duraga. Dig-Dug is my favorite out of these and all are fun, but some can get a little boring after a while.  The graphics for the psone look great and little to no lag. I really like the theater and the library that is in it too!  Overall, I really enjoyed this game and great for people who love arcade games! Can't wait to get the other Volumes some time.
MS.PACMANGALAXIANPOLE POSITION 2DIGDUGPHOZONTOWER OF DRUAGA(RETRACTION FROM MY REVIEW OF NAMCOMUSEUM VOL.1: I somehow forgot that DIGDUG was included in VOL.3, and erroneously entered it as included theirein. However, at 7 games, it is STILL the best value of the series. I now return you to your regularly scheduled game review, already in progress..)These games are of course perfectly emulated and a joy to play alone or with family.One thing I neglected to mention about the Pole Position titles in this volume and the first:If you play these games with the obscure Namco Playstation controller called the &#34;NEGcon&#34; You will have the ABSOLUTE BEST controls of the game, outside of maybe the arcade cabinets themselves. (They may also support other racing wheel controllers.)Great for the whole familyPlays on Playstation 1-3.
This is a great "Nastalgia" gamer who knows how it all began when PAC-MAN was first played on the COMMODORE 64, and AMIGA computers. Now today its even hotter then ever. New generations as well as old are at it again going Pac-wild with The whole Pac-Family games. I will never get tired of Pac-Man and Mrs. Pac-Man, and they are still hard and challenging as hell!I remember playing Dig Dug on an old computer in my Support home work class back in Junior High in NYC, and today its still a collectors and a classic.A must buy Gem to keep forever for those who love these games and want to play them on the PSX. The playstation controller is great with PAC-MAN games as well as other games from all the namco Museum collection.Thanks for reading.
it got here quick and was in great shape. would purchase from this company again. play great, my husband is testing out as we speak, thanks!!!
Mrs. Packman and Dig Dug are two of the best video games ever throw Pole Position in and this is a must have game it is especially fun at parties.
Now u can have all of the classic games on ur ps1. It has many things to do on it unstead of just playing the original arcade game. What u can do is walk around the museum and look at all of the game rooms or just explore and see what is there. Each room that u walk in that is a game has a really cool movie clip before u play them. There is this one room that tells u all of the info about games and when they came out and how popular they were. Which is awsome to learn about it. The graphics in the museum r great for the ps1 but when u play the arcade games they got changed from the original by a tiny bit and the music is more clear. It has many of the classics that u can play single or multiplayer on which is fun. When u get this game dont think all there is is the arcade games in it, there is much more than that. It is an awsome game.
This collection of games from Namco is a blast from the past for anyone who grew up playing video games at home on Atari or who spent their entire life savings at the arcades.  The games included on this collection are:  "Ms. Pac Man", "Dig Dug", "Galaxion", "Phozon", "Pole Position II", and "Tower Of Druaga".  For those who don't own a PS2, NAMCO MUSEUM VOL. 3 is worth owning because of "Ms. Pac Man", "Dig Dug", and "Galaxion"."Ms. Pac Man" is just as fun to play as the original "Pac Man" but is just slightly more difficult and gives a more continues the "story" begun in "Pac Man"."Dig Dug" is one of the classic arcade games of the 80s.  The game seems easy enough to play (dig your way through dirt, kill monsters before they kill you, and collect vegetables). However, the game becomes increasingly difficult as you progress and before you know it your running away more than you are shooting at monsters because there's just too many of them."Galaxion" is another arcade classic.  It takes the premise of "Space Invaders" one step further so that instead of defending a planetary base from destruction and invasion, you're in space trying to destroy an enemy fleet before they blow you up.  In "Space Invaders" you could hide your gun behind turrets, but there is no place to hide in "Galaxion."The other three games on the collection are fairly forgettable and were somewhat obscure in the day.  "Phozon" is a type of puzzle game where you try to match up the phozons with the pattern without getting blown to bits.  "Pole Position II" is a racing game where you blow up if you get too far off course or run into items.  In that sense its realistic. However, the game is extremely difficult to play because the analog component of the paddle isn't compatible and you don't have a joystick so you're forced to drive your car using the directional buttons. What a pain.  "Tower of Druaga" is the final game on the collection.  It involves trying to get Gil to climb through all the levels of the Tower. It's kind of like an early video game version of role playing. It's kind of interesting, but it takes an incredibly long amount of time to defeat.Overall, this is a great collection for anyone who grew up playing video games in the 80s.  For those who are too young to remember Atari, the game is nice to play because of its retro and anything retro is cool.
I love this disc because it gives me the chance to play the old school games that I used to play.
This is one of the greatest games of all times. No if, ands, or buts. This is the granddaddy of them all when it comes to survival horror. Yes, Alone in the Dark, Uninvited and Sweet Home came first, but they went nowhere. This is what kick started an entire genre.I love this version of the game the best (even more than that ReMake) because it has 3 options for gameplay, original, beginner or arranged. Arranged is awesome as it "arranges" the locations of many items in the game. Much like the "2nd quest" on the first Zelda game.The voice acting is legendary, the graphics just awesome and who can forget the live video at the beginning and ending of the game! (The girl who played Jill is absolutely beautiful.)This game is hard. One bites puts you in orange caution if you're Jill, on arranged anyway. Ammunition is VERY limited at the start of the game. But that's what makes it so great. You can't run around blasting things. It's just wonderful!There are many easter eggs or "little things" to find out in this game. (Look up a good walkthrough if you have trouble finding them.) These give the game a good bit of replay value.I highly recommend this if you want a good game. In fact, they don't get much better.
RE is a game that not only the first game that took more than an hour-and-a-half to beat, it was a revolution in video game playing.  It was the first in it's time.  The first game to have actual 3-D characters, rather than the suposive 3-D design that "Doom" and "Duke Nukem" bragged about their choppy, cardboard design.  Now that the movie of "Resident Evil" is out, kids and teenagers will be rushing out to buy the RE games.  For an aparent reason, the original RE isn't being sold anymore, rather that it's very, very rare and probably costs around 70 to 80 dollars.  Instead, they're is the Director's Cut. The DC is a odd version of RE that most people will be mistaking by the name.  No, it isn't more gorier, and no, Deleted Scenes not included; seriously.  Originally, the DC version had a much more explicit graphic beginning, with blood and all.  But due to censorship and problems with young kids bying M-Rated games and watching R-Rated movies, the scenes were cut out.  The only real different thing about the Director's Cut is the different costumes availible and items are in different spots. This will leave already RE owners high and dry, while satisfying non-RE game owners.  Anyways, the story.In RE, a group of Special tactics commandos, known as S.T.A.R.S. (Special Tactics and Rescue Squad) are dispacthed to a secluted mansion in the middle of a remote forrest.  The mansion once harvested top secret government experiments, lead by a Evil Corporation known as "Umbrella".  After the first squad, Bravo Team, was shot down from their helicopter and diseapeared without communication.  The second squad, Alpha Team, was sent to rescue them.  But a few scuffles with unknown creatures, leads their helicopter leaving them in the middle of the forrest.  In panic, the team finds refuge in the mansion. But little does the team know is that their troubles just begun.  You have the choice to either play Chris Redfield, a ex-marine turned SWAT commander, or Jill Valentine, a strong guided commando with the ability to pick lock doors and locks.  Through out the game, you must survive in the mansion. Your enemies are Bio-infested Zombies....that's right, zombies.  The problem; you're running low on ammo.  The story goes together, much like the basis for Sam Raimi's "Evil Dead II: Dead by Dawn" or George Romeo's "Night of the living Dead".  Complete with FMV cut-scenes, that include, no less, Screen Actor Guild rejected actors with terrible acting and bad dialouge ("You almost turned into a Jill-sandwich!!!"), but never the less still a fun game.  Must buy.
All I can say about this one is that it's just about as good as the other ones, just has ... dialogue and voice acting, and no real cut scenes.
we have always been a fan of all the resident evil games we all love to play them and was very happy that the game was in great shape and that we got it fast when we ordered it.
The original Resident Evil changed the game industry forever. Although the Survival Horror genre is certainly old, being Interplay's &quot;Alone in the Dark&quot; the first example to come to my mind, RE sent the genre and the video game industry where it had never before ventured.The idea, simple as it sounds, harbors with it the strength to create a fine video game experience: Lock yourself at a mansion filled with zombies and other creatures plus limited ammo, and try to get yourself out of this.This is the only game of the series that is worth of any praise, not only because it did much for the industry, but because of its game play value.
...Resident Evil : Directors Cut is a enigma in itself.  Now why do I say that?  Well basically this is not a Directors Cut because capcom messed up.  The only people who officially got a Director's cut is Japan and thier initial release of Biohazard (Resident Evil in Japan).  What we are missing is actually about 14 seconds in 2 different videos you see thru the game.  In the opening video, 10 seconds is missing which actually makes the video more graphic when Joseph dies by one of the zombies dog's and some of the characters are smoking.  In the second video where you meet your first zombie, you see a more graphic depiction of the zombie eating Kenneth.  But is it really worth it?  Most Gamers don't even know about it much less care, but collectors and true fanatics are really steamed about it.The STORY is very well done I can say.  Even though it does not really keep pace within the game, it is very interesting and revives a cult classic monster....zombies!  Vicious murders have plauged the town of Racoon City and it is up to the S.T.A.R.S (Special Tactics and Rescue Squad) to find out where the source of these murders are coming from.  You take on the role as Chris Redfield or Jill Valentine and attempt to investigate a house infested with things that go bump in the night.  Get ready to immerse yourself in the game that started the genre - Survival Horror.The GAMEPLAY is what to can be expected from a game like this.  You will be jumping and many scenes in this game for it will spook the life out of you.  I know you are saying...this is just a game....its more than that, trust me.  You basically navigate your character throughout the game solving various puzzles to gain access to different areas.  You will find plenty of ammo and weapons to help you battle the many monsters you will come up against.  Other S.T.A.R.S member will be around to help you out....others will try to block your way.  Although the controls are very hard to get used to, eventually you can compensate in many situations.  You will battle zombies, dogs, crows and the dreaded M-121A's....the Hunters.  But don't think you won't have the weapons to defend yourself for you will be armed with 9mm, shotgun's, a Colt Pyton and a fantastic Missle Launcher.The GRAPHICS are what to be expected for this game.  I personally saw no problem with the graphics.  Many people complain about the camera angles, but to me the camera angles added more spook to the game.  The Hunters still looked scary as heck with the limited graphics.  Many of the cutscenes are shown within the game engine, but the opening and ending actually have real actors.  Yes the dialouge is cheezy, but what do you expect?Overall I really enjoyed this game even though it took me a long time to get around to playing it.  I still cannot get over how much Wesker in the opening movie looks like Val Kilmer from Top Gun.  It had me jumping in a lot of areas and the puzzles were not too difficult. A great game and a great buy.
Even with the advent of the PS2/3, the original "Resident Evil" still holds its water against the modern era of video games.  It set the standard for "survival horror" in video games.  It frightens and delights.  The controls take a little to get down, and the intensity and urgency of the game demand that you get those under control or be eaten.The game takes time and is recommended for those that can devote 30min-1hour a day to the game.A must for any game who claims to be a fan of the zombie genre.
my uncle gave this to me for christmas. i didnt know what it was until i got a gamecube and bought resident evil 4. then i knew what this game was. i wasnt crazy about it when i first got it. then i got resident evil 2 and tried the uncut version.it was ok. i started playing it now and then. a month later, i found the orginal resident evil and i compared them. And the uncut was a little better because you can use the analog sticks,and instead of gettin only 2 ink ribbons, you get 4 every time u pick them up. the bad part is that the graphics haven't improved. it is also very scary. like the big snake boss which scared the hell out of me. Still i think you should own both of these but if you want only one of these, go with the uncut one.
Nowadays, blowing zombies up is as commonplace as a 2D fighter that houses a character that can throw a fireball. From the &quot;House Of The Dead&quot; series to &quot;Silent Hill&quot;, everyone has ripped off  Capcom's masterpiece. The story starts off in a city us hardcore gamers  will all know, Raccoon City. On a hill in an out-of-the-way area lies a  mansion that holds a deadly secret. Down in Raccoon City, the community has  had violent attacks by zombies that are bumpig off the townspeople. The  R.P.D. send out their S.T.A.R.S. unit to find out what's up with this  mansion and it's 'monsters'. Both the Alpha and Omega teams shall never be  the same....... What you encounter through this tale of death is nothing  short of terror perfetion. From your first encounter with dogs, to your  first boss, to your return to the mansion only to find your zombie pals  have been replaced with gremlins from hell called hunters; this is  horror-gaming nirvana. Your characters are Jill Valentine and Chris  Redfield. You get to pick which character you lead (or lead you) down your  path of hell. Jill is the easier one to use, while Chris is the harder one.  For example, Jill starts off with a pistol, while Chris starts off with the  forever dreaded knife. Basically their stories are the same with some  different twists thrown in here and there. For example, Jill's sidekick is  Barry, while Chris gets Rebecca. Throughout your journey, you pick up on  clues as to what's going on. Such as diary entries. You come across the  mansion twice, a backhouse, a garden, an underground passage way, and an  underground laboratory throughout your story. All the while you hear the  name of a corporation (one that will haunt you throughout the series) known  as Umbrella. The game isn't hard, but it isn't easy either. Worrying about  ammo and herbs is always the number one priority. Playing through the game  to see what's ahead (you know, horse around), then go out for real and work  your way through the story is the biggest tip I can give. And always save  (just don't over do the ink ribbons, there's only so many). The graphics  were breathtaking then and still hold up today. The control is difficult  for some to get used to, but I never had a problem with it. The sound is  also amazing, but quite important. Usually when I play games, I put on my  headphones (Nine Inch Nails for me) and play away. Unfortunately, I can't  do this. You need the sound to hear what's going on, whether it's zombies  that are lurking around a corner you can't see, or something following you,  you have to listen. This adds to the gaming element immensely. It'll often  scare you, but that's the point, adding a new gaming dimension. One of  fear. My only problem with the game, is the story of who originally owned  the mansion. ... Ultimately, Capcom scratched all that.  And it detracts from it all as the story behind the mansion has too many  holes. In the end though, this was a classic video game. Not the best  Resident Evil, but mandatory if you intend to play them all as the story is  missing a lot if you pick up on the series when it's already told so much.  It's graphic, it's bloody, it's epic, it's scary and it's an experience you  won't soon forget. Just don't play with the lights off, you'll never sleep  again.
Resident Evil, THE survival horror series that that has became so popular and spawned many sequels.Gameplay:9.5/10: It's a survival horror game! In a mansion, filled with zombies, limited ammo and saves spots, limited healing, and puzzles. What's there not to like? You can even blow zombie's heads off with a shotgun! You can pick two players, Jill Valentine, and Chris Redfield. Both are different, and you should play as Jill first, than Chris.You also get three difficulty levels in the DC version, easy, normal, and Arrange. Arrange is hard, with new costumes, puzzles, and camera angles.Graphics: 1996: 10/10: 2005:4/10: Pretty bad by today's standards, but back then it was great, and the FMV's have real people in it!Music/sound:8/10: Horror-like music and soundsDialogue:3/10: Very corny. From Wesker's "Stay alert" and "Don't open that door!!", to Barry's "I hope this is not Chris's blood!", the dialogue and tone is CHEESEY! But, it was made by Japanese actors, so it's easy to understand why.Overall, it's a must have! Get the other RE games, too!
This was the first RE game I ever played and it got me hooked on the RE series. After playing this I got all the other RE games ASAP !!! This is a great game, the graphics are good for a PS1 game, and I really liked the action, the puzzles, and the plot. This is an essential for anybody interested in RE and the whole zombie deal :) Buy this game and you will not be let down.bryanreo@sbcglobal.net.
Resident Evil is a survival horror video game created by Capcom. It was released in Japan, North America, and Europe in 1996.In the game, you play as either Chris Redfield or Jill Valentine, two S.T.A.R.S officers who become trapped in a mansion filled with zombies. You must go through the mansion and find clues, weapons, and other items in order to proceed. You fight many different types of zombies throughout the game. Some of the supporting characters include Rebecca Chambers, Barry Burton, and Albert Wesker. The game also has different endings depending on what you do.This is a classic survival horror game. It's so good and well made. If you love horror movies, or other horror games, then I totally recommend that you play Resident Evil.
Even now, I still love playing this 7 year old game on my PS2. It opened the door to greater things. The resident evil series is my favorite video game line ever.
this puts the most recent code veronica x to shame.  it has the best story and best scare factor.  sure, the graphics may lack a little, but its the original, first of its kind.  i recommend playing this game before playing any more re titles so the stories actually make sense.
This is the one that started it all folks! this is about mysterious murders in Raccoon city involving cannibalism, a group of special police officers called "S.T.A.R.S." go outside the city to find the murderers but when their Helicopter with pilot leaves them behind, they seek shelter in a large mansion but unknown to them that the mansion is also a death trap with hordes of Zombies, giant tarantulas, monster dogs and mutant creatures waiting for them, will they make it out alive?A brilliant and highly original game using elements of Lucio Fulci, George Romero, Dario Argento, horror and science ficiton with clues, gore, cool monsters, puzzles and knowing how to survive which makes this a one-of-a-kind game for every game player. I've became a fan of this since 1996, it's the best game i've ever played with the entire series too.
Forget the fact that this game came out a long time ago.Chris Redfield and Jill Valentine are your two main playable characters accompanied by Barry Burton, Albert Wesker, Rebecca Chambers, Brad Vickers, Enrico Morini, Edward Dewey, Forest Spyer, Richard Aiken, Joseph Frost, and Kenneth Sullivan most of which will end up dead before the end of the game, which isn't revealing much as most people know about this game.  One of the main points of the story is the isolation and being alone searching for your fellow teammembers.  If there's 12 of them in all and the main idea of the game is isolation and terror you better believe you'll find some dead teammembers along the way.  The story is pretty much known around the world.  STARS Alpha team has been sent to investigate STARS Bravo team's dissapearence in the woods near a mansion that belongs to Umbrella.  The T-Virus (Tyrant) has been let loose and killed the employees turning them into zombies, and unleashing other creatures (Hunters AH!).  The game itself really isn't that long,  once you learn the puzzle solutions you could breeze through it in a few hours (for which you may be rewarded).  The Arrange mode on this Director's Cut version features different uniforms for Jill and Chris and some different camera angles and puzzle solutions.  Items will be switched around to different locations as well.  The overall "scare" factor of this game is pretty nil, but you might jump at a few spots.  The graphics are dated, sure, but they're basic and likeable.  You can tell what's going on and still see extra details (unlike the remake where the entire game is a pile of details upon the next pile).  One of the most famous  aspects of this game is the voice acting and FMV sequences with actual actors (if you even want to call them that).  The in game voice acting, when you actually find a fellow STARS member alive, is pretty terrible.  I'd like to track these people down and see if they haven't been murdered because of it.  The FMV sequences are pretty classic also, the opening is the same for eather game and the endings are different depending on who you save during your adventure as Chris or Jill.  FINAL NOTE:  I highly recommend this game (the Director's Cut version since it has 4 games total) even if it is extremely old to anyone!  The "explicit scenes of blah blah) at the beginning of the load don't really make a difference as it's all squares anyway, but this game is actually REALLY fun to play through.  I think anyone who has moderate video gaming experience should play this.  You might have to get used to the controls, but they don't really bother me.
The original Resident Evil is the purest example of a survival horror video game. The newer RE iterations, while fun in their own right, are not survival, and some would say not even horror video games.Resident Evil throws the player into an old, dilapidated mansion with the vaguest notion of zombies on the prowl. The original party is split up to investigate the area, and the player is left to find clues towards a path to safety.Unlike many games supposedly within the Survival Horror genre, Resident Evil hits the nail on the head with the notions of staying safe. Enemies are best avoided, as direct combat can result in being quickly overcome with zombies or being poisoned.Items are hidden throughout the mansion that detail just how the monstrous zombie outbreak started, and to a lesser extent details the lives of the individuals who lived there during the initial stages of the outbreak. There are pictures of their families and friends, their clothes tucked into their closets, and, on occasion, the zombified individual himself, trapped and desolate in a bathtub or a wing of his home.Playing the game, one truly gets a sense of being stranded. In essence, it puts the player in the perspective of every human being there during the outbreak. You never know who or what has been turned, nor where those beings now dwell. Caution is the only priority, and this game capitalizes on that.Weapons are not found sitting out for any person to find. The player must actively search for items to aid in his or her quest. Guns are definitely there, but they would be about as well-hidden as a person living inside the mansion would have them. The control scheme may seem archaic now, but for the genre, the controls are spot on. Maneuvering through a hallway full of zombies should not be an easy task, and given the options presented, it really isn't.Puzzles are a central (albeit quizzical) part of Resident Evil's gameplay. In keeping with the survival elements, some doors are locked; to pass through them, the player must find the key. This involves searching room-to-room around the mansion, and solving the occasional puzzle. These elements are definitely well-aligned with the gameplay, but from a strictly survival perspective, some puzzles fit the scheme better than others.The plot is weaved strongly through the course of the game. Many of your allies are found dead throughout the mission, consumed by the horrors of the mansion. Others are as desperate as ever to get out, while some are a bit too satisfied hanging around. The plot is advanced mostly through cut-scenes where characters interact with each other. The voices, as all know, are pretty hilarious (or bad, depending on your perspective). For the time, characters using voice-overs as opposed to text was revolutionary. Unfortunately, the voice acting didn't stand the test of time, and some of the more hilarious quips are almost inside-jokes among video game fans.The graphics were definitely of the era. In 1996, this game's graphics would astound any who saw it. Twelve years later, they are clearly dated. Many games of this era can't stand the test of time (strangely, games of the 16-bit era age more much gracefully, and even modern games have become throwbacks to the visuals of that time period), but Resident Evil fares better than many Playstation titles. Many of the pre-rendered backgrounds are highly detailed and set the mood wonderfully. Given the polygon count of the day, its pretty easy to tell where your character stands against the backdrop, and conversely, where the enemy stands. Thankfully, the color schemes applied to enemy and ally serve to blend objects and backgrounds together seamlessly.The sound is more forgettable than anything in this game. The soundtrack does serve its duty well in creating and maintaining a frightening atmosphere, but there's just not anything noteworthy enough to stick out after over a decade. The sound effects, while not fantastic, serve their purposes extremely well. Given the player's mood, one would still be prone to jump when a noise is heard off-screen.With a game as old as this one is, it would be easy to find faults -- especially comparing those faults with current-gen gameplay mechanics and graphics. However, if one can allow themselves to enter the early PSX era, the true beauty of a game like Resident Evil can shine through. While not perfect, this game serves as the ultimate example of what survival horror is. RE set the stage for things to come, and its great to be able to go back and see the humble beginnings of some of the greatest plot elements and gameplay mechanics we enjoy in video games today.
I thoroughly enjoyed this game. It is endless action in this horror survival game, but also puzzle solving, which makes it and intense and fun game. Of course killing zombies never gets old. There are also several versions of the game on this disc so if you want to play it over again you can do so with a slightly different version between the two main characters or the original version or directors cut version. This gives you four options.
Resident Evil: Director's Cut,  The Best Classic Survival Game ever. The Granddaddy of Survival Horror.  This simple put is the Game ever the one that started it all in Survival Horror.The bit of Acting is a bit cheesey but once you get past that.  you  in a Mansion full of  Zombies ,Muntant Dogs, Lickers. snakes and mutant plants around every corner as you explore the Mansion and solve puzzles. it has some scary tone and music in the back ground and if your not fighting  for your life your running from things as you try and solve the mystery of your missing team and the dissapperance of the first team  that you came in search for.I highly recommend this game for anyone who loves Zombies and into survival horror.
I got this game at a video store recently, and they sell it for only $10.00, so I snatched it, thinking it was gonna be good. And then it was!GAMEPLAY: 10/10 Awesome! you're in a mansion with zombies and lots of monters (literally) and you've got a lot of weapons!GRAPHICS: 100/10: The graphics add to the scares. and plus, Jill has a nice ass.Dialouge: .5/10 HORRIBLE! From Wesker's  "Stay alert" and "GET AWAY FROM HIM! HE'S INSANE!" To Barry's "What IS this?" amd "Well, Let's hope this isn't Chris's blood!"ENTERTAINMENT VALUE: 9/10 It's awesome!So go buy this today!
WHEN I FIRST GOT MY PLAYSTATION  , THIS WAS THE FIRST GAME I GOT . IT IS AND WILL ALWAYS BE A COOL GAME TO PLAY. BESIDES THE CHEESY VOICE ACTING , OR SO SO GRAPHICS - IT IS STILL A GEM OF A CLASSIC ! WHY ELSE WOULD CAPCOM REDO THE FIRST ONE FOR GAMECUBE ? AS WELL AS DO 2 MORE GAMES FOR GAMECUBE , AND DO A MOVIE ON IT ? BECAUSE IT IS- AND ALWAYS WILL BE THE COOLEST ZOMBIE GAME EVER !...AND NOT ONE YOU COULD EASILY CHEAT ON EITHER , UNLESS YOU GOT A GAMESHARK ... BECAUSE USING THE GUIDE IS NOT CHEATING ! YOU STILL HAVE TO BEAT THE GAME AND POSSESS SOME SKILL AND PATIENCE TO PLAY IT .'' RESIDENT EVIL 2 '' WAS GREAT ! AND NEMESIS EVEN BETTER ! AND LET'S NOT FORGET '' CODE VERONICA '' EITHER !!HOPEFULLY A FEW NEW ONES WILL BE PUT OUT FOR PS2 OWNERS AS WELL .WHY SHOULD GAMECUBE OWNERS GET ALL THE FUN ! SO I HOPE YOU GO OUT AND GET IT . THIS IS ONE GAME YOU CAN LITERALLY PLAY TO DEATH !... IF YOU GET A GAMECUBE THAN GET THE NEW AND IMPROVED '' RESIDENT EVIL '' !!AND ALL THE OTHER ONES OUT NOW  OR SOON TO BE OUT .. ANYONE CARE FOR A GAME OF KILLING ZOMBIES TONITE ?
This brought back so many memories. The godfather of all games. This is a must have for any avid game collector.
I played this on my PS1 shortly after it came out and really enjoyed it. The games graphics, use of pre-rendered backgrounds and creephy atmosphere were far superior to other such games and made for an unforgettable experience.  Unfortunately the game hasn't aged well especially the graphics. They're low resolution and blocky when compared to today's and can make revisiting the game a less than stellar experience. If you're considering playing this I strongly recommend you consider playing the RESIDENT EVIL REMAKE instead.  It's far superior to the original in every way possible. If you really want to play the original game than by all means do so but I found it difficult revisiting it after playing the superior remake.
I purchased this version on my PlayStation 1. This updated version was released a year and a half after the original game's release. Director's Cut was produced to compensate for the delay of the sequel, Resident Evil 2, and was originally bundled with a playable demo of that game.The main addition to Director's Cut is an "arranged" version of the game that changes the location of nearly every vital item in the mansion, as well as the enemy placement. The main characters, as well as Rebecca, are given a new wardrobe and the player's handgun is replaced by an improved model where any shot fired has a random chance of decapitating a zombie, killing it instantly. The original version of the game is included as well, along with a new "beginner" mode where the enemies are easier to kill and the amount of ammunition that can be found by the player is doubled. Additionally, the auto-aim function was restored in all modes, though it is not noted in the in-game controls so the player must accidentally stumble upon it.I recommend all RE fans to get this version.
the one that started it all i have it and you should to i will in detail say the pros and cons of the game.the pros are great story, great puzzles, the suspense is great as well as the monsters that are in it over all it draws you in the world of the resident evil.the cons to much back and forth in the game, bazooka wont blow open doors, the other issue is if played on the ps2 you have to get used to the original controls again im used to ps2 games now guess im spoiled lol where you use the analog sticks to move and look around.over all great game turn out the lights put it in and put yourself in the game and have fun.
THis is the amazing game that started the genre of &quot;survival horror&quot; and created the interest in fans for such games.  This game is pretty old now, but if you haven't played it yet you'll surely want to give it a try.  The point to this game is simple: survive a mansion full of zombies, while solving puzzles along the way.  What makes this game a challenge is the fact that you have to fend off enimies with a very limited amount of health and life. ANother challenge is that occasionally enimies will pop out and give you a surprise which you must quickly defend against.  ANother great thing is that on this version of the game you get a special edition of Resident Evil and a harder difficulty level.
have not played yet but looks all good to me. I will be playing it tonight. A must for those interested in resident evil.
When you ask someone why the Sega Saturn failed and why the Sony Playstation succeeded, most people knowledgeable on the subject don't have a great reason. The best answer I've come up with is that Sony Playstation had some smash hits that the Saturn did not have. Games like Tomb Raider, Twisted Metal, and Final Fantasy VII were mega-hits that Saturn did not have an answer for. One game came very early into the Playstation library and was deemed an instant classic by gamers and critics alike, and that game is the first Resident Evil game, the first true hit for the Sony Playstation.Released by Capcom in early 1996, Resident Evil was unlike any game we had ever seen at the time. With an opening title screen that explodes in blood and symbolizes terror, Resident Evil is a game that truly doesn't reveal itself right away. You have the opening story cinema scenes that vaguely explain your elite police officers' reason for venturing out into strange territory in search of your teammates. One of your teammates is killed during the investigation of the crashed helicopter by a strange canine beast of sorts, so the actors run for shelter in a spooky looking mansion.I won't rehash everything about the game, but I believe it is important to try and recapture the feeling of the first time playing the game. It's pretty difficult to describe. The music is perfectly eery and sets the tone grandly with stringed arrangements you would hear in a suspenseful terror film. You walk around trying to find clues about what is going on in this strange mansion. Bizarre zombie creatures roam around desperately seeking to sink their teeth into your fresh blood, you try and find better guns to deal with these creatures, and you also try and find the keys to unlock the doors without knowing what terror lurks on the other side. On top of that, the seemingly haunted mansion has traps and strange puzzles that must be solved in order to continue finding your way closer to the end of the game, almost like a spooky mansion in a murder mystery. Horribly mutated dogs crash through windows when you least expect it, and the ammunition in the game is in a very limited supply, so you are forced to make snap decisions whether to stand and fight or run for safety. Scattered throughout the game are personal correspondence, diaries, and logs that reading will give you a clue to the ultimate mystery surrounding what the hell is going on.Before this game, the story regarding Umbrella didn't exist. Ironically, this kind of makes the game more mysterious. In other games, we already know about the Umbrella corporation's role in the story, so this game is a unique experience of unraveling the truth. On top of that, this game takes place in the Spencer Estate Mansion, which is the perfect terrifying setting for this unique gaming experience. There's nothing wrong with the second and third games taking place in a Precinct, but a haunted mansion crawling with the undead is just perfect.Chris and Jill are the playable characters, both with their strengths and weaknesses. Honestly, Jill's game is much easier. She gets the bazooka, which Chris does not, and is given the lockpick at the start of the game in place of having to find the Sword Key. Jill also has 8 inventory slots to Chris' paltry six, and because Chris has no lockpick, he has to find small keys to open the locked drawers for ammunition. Having a small key clogging one of Chris' six inventory slots is quite a nuissance, especially since Jill does not even have to bother wasting one of her eight inventory slots with the lockpick. Finally, the obvious reason for Jill's easier game is in her companion, Barry Burton. Barry is very helpful and will heal Jill from a giant poisonous snake, give her acid rounds for the bazooka, help her to get the shotgun and will even torch the massive Plant 42 for her, while Chris is forced to rely on the inexperienced Rebecca to learn to play piano, find serum for him, and mix up a potion to injure Plant 42. There are ways to alter Rebecca's actions to make her a bit more useful, but in the end her assistance is not as valuable as Barry's.Today, the polygon graphics that were so compelling during this age of gaming do look substantially dated, and the voice acting, which was considered atrocious even when the game was new, is laughably absurd. But who couldn't use a laugh after the horrors and suspense of playing this game?We all know the storyline of the game, and most of us remember all the thrilling moments to the point where they have lost their sharpness over the years. But take yourself back in time for a minute and try to remember what this game felt like to you the very first time you played it when you were much younger, and games were much different. This game felt like nothing we had ever played, and no gaming experience was even close to what we got from the playing the original Resident Evil. Back then, there was still alot of social debate whenever a game came around that featured a significant amount of violence, yet Resident Evil was so unique in that it literally felt like being trapped in a scary zombie movie. There wasn't much debate surrounding the gratuitous amount of gore like there was with other games (Mortal Kombat), and instead gamers and critics were unified in their praise of the game's excellent and unique gameplay and experience.Gamecube would later revamp the game with updated graphics, better voice acting, and many new thrilling surprises, but you just can't beat that feeling you got when you first popped in this game not knowing what to expect. This game has one of the greatest legacies, and is every bit deserving of all the accolades accumulated since.
Wow, first off I have to say 'pure classic'. I love this game, in all of its dated graphics and game play with additional cheesy (Jill Sandwich) dialoge glory. That is what this baby is, glory. A truly excellent game, with excellent graphics, for its time and it's, for this nerd at least one of the fondest memories of my wasted childhood I have. In fact this is one of the things I spend countless hours mastering that I don't regret one bit.The control is simple and responsive, which I like. This game to me was my first introduction to actual video games, sure I'd play Mario or Primal Rage or what ever on the old SNES. Then one fatefull day young Kazuki Ferret was (at age 8) introduced to Resident Evil. The game for him, challenging puzzles which tested intellect, well designed levels and characters, and o' course guns.Looking back now, this game was an excellent first for the giant we know today as the Resident Evil series. With such classic games as RE2, RE3, Code: Veronica, and RE4 stemming from it. This game is a simple must own in your video game collection, if you see a copy and don't own one; buy it is what I say. I got the copy I have for $5.00, which is an excellent price for such a classic game. There is no reason not to own this game.-Kazuki Ferret, 'The Angry Resident Evil Nerd'.
The story tells that people were strangely disappearing in the Arklay Mountains, northwest Raccoon City. Half of the S.T.A.R.S., a police group who's always hired when things go really bad, goes in to investigate, but they don't come back. That's when the rest of the group come to Arklay Mountains to see what's happening to those missing people and to the missing part of the team... They would just wish they were never born.Resident Evil is a classic video game series. Unfortunately, the first movie wasn't nearly as good as any of the main games from the series. The graphics might not be great since most of us own next-gen consoles like PS2, Xbox and GCN, but they're still decent.The soundtrack is amazing, voice acting is a little weird and a little silly, but it's OK. Videogames aren't about how close to reality it looks and feels. If it was, games from the past would be forgotten very quickly. What makes horror games special is how fun and scary they are, and this, along with Silent Hill, is the best horror game you'll ever play.
Soul Blade is the very first game in the Soul Caliber series. I guess it was Soul Blade in the arcade and became Soul Caliber years later for the Dreamcast and they decided just to go with that from then on. It's quite a classic in my opinion. That's actually why I bought it because to be honest the game play has aged a bit and there are much tighter fighting games out there now. It's still a great game to have though. Aside from being the arcade game there is also a weapons master mode in which you select a character and play out a story where you travel the land acquiring new weapons in search of the legendary Soul Blade. If you were into arcade fighting games in the 90's then you should probably have this.
Ok this game is pretty much all PS2 owners have of Soul Caliber since it went to DreamCast?! My friends still come over so we can all play it on my PS2!! This game is tight,especially for a PS1 game, I just hope Soul Caliber 2 is made for the PS2! For the price this game goes for, it's worth it completly! I traded Granturismo3(PS2game) for it!
When 3D fighters first entered with Virtua Fighter, I was not impressed. Add to that the dismal nature of the Star Wars fighter and things did not look promising. But, thanks to games such as this and Tekken, the fighting genre was saved. I first played this game in the arcade and was floored. Gone were the glitching side to side movements. In were smooth animations with amazingly real movement. It translated as close to flawlessly as possible to the Playstation.From the opening sequence to the finale, I was hooked. The graphics are amazing. The characters are very well rendered and rather well balanced. You have your constent movement, fast players as well as the guard forever and kill in one blow slow guy along with many consistent characters. My favorite character is Taki, but that's probably because she reminds me of Chung Li.Game control is excellent. Combos rely less on stick movement than on button combinations, which makes it much easier for beginners to pick up. Throws are actually a challenge to execute, but are worth the work. The backgrounds are truly amazing and the soundtrack is something else. The tracks are very deep with what seems like full orchestration.Of course the greatest fun is playing against other people, but the single player formats available are quite good. The Edge Master mode is somewhat RPG-like in nature and is a nice addition. My favorite mode is the team battle where your 5 take on the opponents 5.For the price, you absolutely cannot beat this title. The gameplay is great and the controls are rather intuitive. Give the bonus of amazing graphics and sound, if you like fighting games, you'll love this one.
How can you go wrong with the game that started it all?  I love playing this and I love watching the animations from the characters that are STILL identical to the ones used on later Soul Calibur games!  They didn't change some of them! Its pretty neat.
I remember playing this game when I was younger. I like this original Soul Blade game more, because the character Hwang. He wielded a Chinese two handed straight sword. The disc was in perfect condition. Very good classic game.
like play game as fun and enjoy. haven't play for long time and final get so like play what I can say that all.
Twisted Metal 2 is one of the best Twisted Metal games, I still like Black better. I liked the movie where Axel goes back to his father and rips his arms out of his machine. I hate the T rating. Buy this game NOW!
Twisted Metal 2 was a HUGE game back in the day.  The graphics were really good for its time, and the play control, while some will probably argue with me, was always accurate and responsive.  This is truly a classic game.  It had many imitators that hardly anyone remembers these days.  Stick with the Twisted Metal series though.  You can't go wrong with the amount of destruction this game has to offer.
When I got this game I was thrown back to the days I went to my uncles house just to play this game with him. Its fun and its cool that they use real locations for the battle, because you get to blow things up and find secret path ways and weapons to defeat your enemies. I have most of all the TM games and I can't wait to have them all, even the games that where made from different game company. Because the game play over all is the same.
This game is awesome, it is better then black except for the graphics, sound and story. But, gameplaywise, this game excels!Innocent pedestrians, secret goodies, destorying the eiphel tower, while you find and destory these things you take on several different competitors out there and utilize their special attacks to YOUR advantage. ON single player this game is kinda tedious, but on 2p, HELLO FUN. I had a buddy who played this with me every time he came over to my house. We beat the game several times, but exploiting new characters attacks and finding more goodies as we traversed really ruled!IF this game had sound and graphics, and some better storyline, this would be in the top 20 games of all time!ALso Twisted metal 4 and 3 [was not good], get tw1 or tw black instead.
Now this one was way more fun than TM-1. What was fun was the endings etc where it would show the little video clips. Liked seein them they were crazy. This game was fun though for sure to play with friends and all.
Being a long time Twisted Metal fan this game would have to be my favorite in the series. Amazing Soundtrack, Great level design, unique characters, and an overall fun experience, especially with friends. I highly recommend this to any fan of action games.
I rented this game because I am a big TM fan. I'll tell ya', this game is pretty old and doesn't have the best graphics, but it's awesome. The levels are cool. My favorite is Holland: Field of Screams. The characters are awesome too. My favorite is Minion. One of the things that I almost immediately noticed about this game was the machine guns. I don't even know why they give you machine guns on TM 3 and 4. They don't do anything. On TM 2 the machine guns actually do some damage and debris flies off other vehicles when they are hit. It would take a week to kill someone with your machine guns on TM 3 and 4. Actually you would be killed in less than a minute if all you use is a machine gun on TM 3 and 4. If you want a good vehicular destruction game, you can buy any TM game, they are all fun, but I recommend TM 2. It will provide hours of fun, especially deathmatch mode.
Introduction:When i bought my playstation i had now clue of any twisted metal games until I played this one. I never was able to get my hands on the first one but this one is amazing.The Game:Twisted metal is a car compitition almost like demolition derby except with crazy characters and weapons. Many games have tried to copy this gameplay but none could ever create one like this. The competition is held by Calypso and he gets people in search of help to join his competition and if they win through the 8 levels of demolition they get one wish from him. Calypso is all in this for entertainment while the characters are in it for something important.The Good:This game is one of a kind and has many good points. First of all is the gameplay. It is replayable and you can chose from any vehicle/character and take him through the end of the game and see his ending story. All of the characters are unique in an individual way and they each have their own special to terminate enemies. There are plenty of weapons to pick up and fire at opponents like the homing missile and fire missile and napalm. The levels are well designed and there are eight of them to battle through. The co-op mode makes the game especially fun but takes away the story aspect at the end. Also each vehicle makes their own sound when using there special.The Bad:The graphics can be a little bit choppy at times and many of the obsticals are flat. Some of the story lines are not worth playing through the whole game, you just have to be careful who you pick.Conclusion:Overall the game is excellent and is a must buy even if our deciding to buy it now and you have a ps2.
this was the first game I ever played with interavtive environments it was really cool to blow the eifel tower up or make ice sheats fall with your opponet on them this game was awesome and i still play it even though i have a PS2.
Twisted Metal 2 is the best playstation game ever!  The levels are fun because they are so different from one another.  Each level provides interactive fun!  The cars are great and the specials weapons are excellent!  The ending movies, like the tital suggests are twisted. I do not find this game offensive in any way and I think it good for responsible kids ages 8 and up. Everyone should buy this game.  It is the best of the four Twisted Metal games!  You will love it!
The Twisted Metal games in my opinion have seen their day since this gem was released.  I have spent many hours playing this game either by myself or with friends.  This game is a lot of fun with a lot of replay value.  The game boasts good graphics and sound.  I would recommend this game to anyone that is into vehicular combat, fighting games and competitive fun.
Even though it came out a little over six years ago, Twisted Metal 2 still stands as one of PS1's best games and the best Twisted Metal game in the entire series.  The graphics are a bit dated by today's standards, but everything else still holds up.  The environments are huge and fully interactive (you can blow up the Eiffel Tower in Paris and destroy he gown around the Statue of Liberty to reveal a bikini in New York), and the control was at its peak here in all of the Twisted Metal games.  Without a doubt a Playstation classic, this deserves to be in every PS1 or PS2 player's library.
Twisted Metal two is by far the best Twisted Metal game in the series. The levels are awesome the weapons are awesome the characters are really awesome! So many memories came back to me while playing this game and it is still a very fun game to play. The controls take some getting use to since the game is over 10 years old but other then that the game has held up well over the years.
The title says it all, better than the first and third.  TM Black was good but ultimately it will take a lot to revive the series.
a real classic. it works. no problems. I love it and will always keep this game. I recommend it to anyone.
Well here's the lowdown, the twisted fighting, plot, and cars are back in this hit sequel to the best selling series Twisted Metal. TM2 brings you back into the Twisted Metal Competition. But this time, it's a one way trip 'round the world. Battle in L.A. to Hong Kong and leave a trail of destruction behind you. TM2 introduces a few new characters into the fray: Twister, Grasshopper, Shadow, Axel, and Mr. Slam. Duke it out with a wide variety of old favorited weapons to new and improved weapons like the napalm, remote detonator, and the ricochet bomb. Beat all your opponents and you might get a chance to have an audience with Calypso, the twisted creator of the Twisted Metal Competition, and have your wishes fullfilled.Bottom Line: An awesome sequel to an already awesome game.
with this racing game you actually race across the country from state to state. some of the vehicles that you can drive are a bus cop cars there are two different color cop cars both different top speeds an old roadster and lots more.  there are at least 12 maps to choose from.  enjoy.
I thought this game was actually very good for a racing game on the N64 so so early of a release. This is before alot of the other much better racing games came out and I was suprised to find such a fun game.However the game can get very anoying with the way the car crashes work out, some of the races are very repetitive and you really wont be finding any good bonus features that will make you excitited to play it after wards. The records of your times in races is erased every time you turn off your system, I'm not sure if that has something to do with a pack of some sort but it sucks.Still like I said earlier, this is an early title for the N64, you will be amazed at how well such a game so early is. Buy it if your into race games, ignore it if your looking for the best.
This is one of the funnest, most addictive game I've ever play. You start out with 7 cars: A type I don't remember, a lexus, a racecar, and using the cheat: A jeep, bus, and police car.At the beginning, a bikini babe waves the flag and you cruise down famous landmarks like San Fransisco or Grand Canyon, etc. It's high-speed action from there! You can turn traffic on or off, and you can crash into cars hard, but you always keep on goin'.GraFX: 3* This is primitive N64Sound: 5* The soundtrack is the best!Gameplay: 5*Fun: 9999999999999999999999999* IT'S THE BOMBOverall: 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999*Overall, this is one of the best games ever.
Note: This review is going to be short, since there isn't really much to say about the game.Cruis'n USA isn't actually as bad the averaged out Amazon rating says. There's some good arcade-style racing here. You may not be interested in this category if you like games like Mario Kart, but it's still a pretty good game. Granted, there are some pretty cheesy things that have been said in-game ("Wow, so THIS is the Grand Canyon!"), but you can get used to that easily.Another thing that some may complain about is that the game is short. You can beat the game in a little less than a half hour. But I don't care about how long a game is. It just needs to fit with its price...and boy, do you have a chance of buying a used copy for a few bucks.The game is like Rad Racer on the NES, but 10 times better. If you like games that are similar to Rad Racer, Ridge Racer, or maybe Need for Speed, then Cruis'n USA is definitely something to buy.
Do you remember sitting behind the steering wheel at the arcade and playing this game? I know I do! Brings back a lot of memories!
This is fun I think it is a little less fun the next one crusin world because the game playthrough always follows the exact same path and the tracks are all fairly boring.
a fun game to battle against your friends.  up to 4 players can play at a time.  this is one fun game to have.
Starfox was one of the premiere games for the Super Nintendo, boasting some of the best graphics that any platform of the time could show off and yes the game, at the time, did deliever in what could be described in a &quot;Tour de force&quot; performace. When the game transitioned making it's way onto the Nintendo 64 I had to hail the calling of this game and buy it, so I did. The result? I was as happy as any person could have been after spending the money for this game, and it was worth it. The game is easy to beat, but, only on the easy route. There are hundreds of ways that give this game a replay value that could be unmatched at the time, such as getting medals for every planet in the &quot;Galaxy&quot; in order to unlock expert mode, or the ability to win tanks in multiplayer mode, or even be able to fight on foot. So, is this game worth the money you would pay for it now? yes, give this game a home on your shelf. Enjoy.
There's a strong case for this title being N64's most replayable, with a heart rivaled only by Zelda. The arcade and score-based gameplay alone means competitive revisits, and you can absorb a complete experience in a reasonable timeframe, like a good TV show. Even with the kid friendly premise, there is a sense of true emotion between the characters. You care about Fox, his team, and the strife they encounter. Most of all, this game has yet to be topped for its kind - the closest they got was the 3DS remake, but even that isn't a whole new game (plus the voices were way better in this one).
This game is fairly short and can be beaten in a matter of ten minutes on the easy route, but it does provide other secrets and ways to go about the game.  You can go through three main paths, but you can quirk the paths if you decide to or if you screw up on one part of the level.  You definitely will find yourself going back trying to unlock the different multiplayer modes and trying to up your high score.  The rumble pack is worked very nicely into to the title.  The voices are also a nice added feature.  Buy this game guys.
Gameplay: You play Fox McCloud, a fighter pilot for Starfox, and you're at war with the forces of the evil Andross. It's more or less a rail shooter, but there's some free-roaming flight to be had at various points through the game. One of the best features of Starfox is that progression is non-linear. Your actions in each mission directly affect how you proceed through the game. For instance, if you defuse the bomb on one level, you go one route. If you fail, you end up playing a different level.Graphics: You have to be a little forgiving of Starfox in this area. It's a fairly early N64 game. In the grand scheme of N64 graphical quality, Starfox 64 is probably somewhere near the bottom. But if you're turning down the new 3DS Starfox in favor of the old school one released fifteen years ago, chances are you won't care about that.Sound: The music is pretty good, as is the voice-acting. Although it lacks the polish and natural feel of some later N64 games with voice-acting, Starfox 64 still has one of the best uses of voice-acting on the system. Flying through space shooting aliens and talking on a radio to your teammates go hand in hand.There's still a lot of fun to be had with Starfox, even after all this time. I rented it and progressed most of the ways you could progress back in the day, and I'm glad to own it for the system now.
There is no save feature, but the whole campaign takes a hour at most. Just sick with some friends and &#34;Do a barrel roll Skippy&#34;.
Star Fox 64 (known as ''Lylat Wars'' in Europe) is a shooting game for the Nintendo 64. You play as Fox Mccloud, and he must go on an adventure through space to find and destroy Andross. Throughout the game, Peppy, Slippy, and Falco help you.This game is really fun and addictive. It is also really short, and a little challenging in some parts. But when you learn the gameplay, it becomes really easy. This is a really fun game.
The cartridge was clean, game worked well. I bought in the game in hopes it'd be fun but it's not all great, not the seller's fault though so 5 stars.
Was glad to find it.  It works great.  Still playing it.  I was hoping I would get as much enjoyment out of it as when I was younger and I DO.  Great replay value.
How could you not love this game, the animals talk!  There are so many great lines from this game that I don't really care about anythingelse except being able to hear "don't party just yet, time to try our new weapon."  I just love this game, it can be as hard as you want it to be so stop saying it's easy.  Anyways, this game was put out 8 years ago and still every once and a while I decide to play this and I love it, cuase it has the talking animals on it.  I'm going to repeat this TALKING ANIMALS!  Slippy gets on my nerves though I just kill him becuase he always gets some guy on his ass and keeps bleating "get this guy off my fox!"  I wanna crack his skull everytime he says that it pisses me off.  Then theres that stupid chick that knows Falco (the bad ass of course) and she is annoying, I wish I could kill her becuase when you go to the Z zone she steals your kills so you can't get the freaking medal I HATE HER!  It is so annoying that she steals your kills!  Oh that has to be the worst part of the game, it's woefully madening.  Also to not are the apes who try to kill you, though they make the noble animal of the ape villanious they still have memoriable lines like "ANDROSS I'VE FAILED YOU!!!"  Then there is team wolf, they are tottaly bad!  They are pretty hard to kill on the other side of venom but like I said if you got the skills you may one day beat them (and you say this game is too easy!  OH MY GOSH!).  Anyways I do like the bunny guy what's his name?  I forgot but he's like "Your the best Slippy." and that makes me want to cry becuase they are always so hard on Slippy!  I love it that they actually give him love in Aquos cuase I've heard the stories, poor Slippy.  Anyways Fox is a stud of course, damn he is looking good!  He works hard of course, cuase I'm controlling him.  Anyways the best characters are the bosses cuase they say stuff to you that's funny like that one boss "admits defeat" but then comes back after you cuase he was lying, what did you think you'd get off that easy!  HECK NO!  Anyways I hope you love this game as much as I do, becuase I say those lines everyday before I go to sleep, cause it bring hope.  Especially when the Bunny guy affectionatly tells Fox "your becoming more like your father." Fox's father was a pimp too!  That's the ultimate compliment in the Lylat system!  I'm sure Fox shed a tear when he heard that from his bunny partner.  I'm out, only a loser doesn't like this game cuase he is a nerd with no sense of humor who wants to play a "real" flight simulator.  YEAH!
Star Fox 64 is one of the most fun games I've ever played. It was one of the first N64 games to utilize the Rumble Pak (it was also one of the first to include voices for all the characters). The premise of the game is simple: you, as Star Fox, are trying to save the solar system from the evil Andross. To do this, you hop in your space ship and blow tons of enemy crafts to bits. The game is simple but fun and can be replayed over and over. I've played through Star Fox 64 more times than any other game I've ever owned.The Good:The Gameplay is fast paced, simple and fun. Action packed- there is never a dull moment.The controls are tight and are perfect.The level design is excellent.The force feedback through the Rumble Pak makes the game feel more intense.The replay value is through the roof- there are many different ways to get to the final boss.All characters have voices!Lots of Secrets!The Bad:The &quot;multiplayer&quot; game is really really bad. It's so bad that it is not worth playing. But that's what Goldeneye is for, right?The graphics, by today's standards, are outdatedSome of the voices are pretty annoying (Slippy in paticular)This game is nothing short of a masterpiece. I still play Starfox 64 today, and it's just as much fun as when I got it 6 years ago. Everything seems perfectly tweaked and just right. A game for the ages.
Finer words have never been spoken. StarFox 64 was the long awaited American sequel to the original StarFox for the SNES (Japan got StarFox 2 on SNES while us Americans had to wait for StarFox 64). Excellent game, superb 3D graphics and for the love of Michael Douglas, play with the RUMBLE PACK!
People played this in the store for days on end even though most could not afford it for the N64. Star Fox was an amazing blast em up for the N64 that was visually stunning to watch.
Even a decade down the line, this is a great game. The original Star Fox on SNES used a ground-breaking chip to create rudimentary 3D graphics. The N64 version took that and essentially upgraded it, giving the graphics an overhaul and tossing in a few new gameplay enhancements. This was one of the first games on the N64 to feature large amounts of speech, and also the first to use the rumble pak.You are Fox McCloud, leader of the Star Fox mercenary team. You blast through levels shooting up everything in sight, and blowing up massive bosses. The game uses a branching system, where out of the 15 possible levels you will explore a total of 7 in any given play-through. So each play-through is short, but there is replay value in going back and unlocking the alternate paths. And the action is so fast and intense that you'll be coming back multiple times anyway.There was never really a Star Fox game for Gamecube to top this one, so Star Fox 64 still remains a favourite. Proof that great gameplay can outlast aging graphics. A must-own for any N64 collection.
Star Fox on the SNES... Not the best space shooter. Star Fox on the Nintendo 64? 2ND BEST GAME ON THAT SYSTEM (The first is Ocarina of Time)! Every level was packed with thrilling action! On the first level I enjoyed an easy ride along Corneria, gliding across the lakes listening to Peppy complain. The 2nd level (Meteo) really picked up the pace, and the drama was incredible for the Nintendo 64. The level opens with Peppy saying "It's quiet. Too quiet.", quickly followed by, "LOOK OUT IT IS A TRAP!!!!", followed by a hoard of enemies, then giant meteors, ending with the most disturbing thing I've ever seen in a video game. A giant space craft swoops down and a monkey with a british accent says "I can not allow you to go any further". After a short time the british monkey says "I am no match for you. I admit defeat." The whole game goes silent, and then the monkey yells "IF THIS DOES NOT WORK!!!!!!!!". He fires a huge amount of lasers, and then calls me scum after I defeat him. Time for Level 3! This one was also disturbing, but provided the greatest thrill I had ever had. The Star Wolf team comes in, saying some very creepy comments while they beat me. "You'll be with your dad soon Fox!" (Fox's dad is dead), "I'm going to bust you up REAAALLL good!" (says the pig who betrayed Fox's dad), and "Go back to the pond, Froggy.". Then, right in the middle of that big fight, the robot assistant comes in and says "DANGER! A bomb has been discovered in the base! Explosion in 1 minute!" Level 4 was at the climax of wierdness, though. A giant terminator-like robot came in and started repeating "DESTROY! DESTROY!". I have not been able to get level 4, the robot always crushes me and then I get Game Over. I do highly this game, though. It is possibly the most thrilling game on the N64! Trust me, it is addicting.
Mario Party is the kind of game that became an instant classic! Play it once and your hooked! If you grab three friends and play, there is no better feeling in the world.  Play, what seems like endless mini-games, with either Mario, Luigi, Princess Toadstool (a.k.a. Peach), Wario, DK, and (my personel favorite) Yoshi!  Believe me, this is a good deal for such a good game!
Yeah. So the story is very weak. Things are often like that for multiplayer-centered games. At least Mario Party had actually TRIED to spice things up with a story. Where's the story for Super Smash Bros.? Where's the story for Mario Kart 64? I didn't think so. As weak as the Mario Party story is, the story isn't important for a game...the gameplay is. Some games with great stories have fallen flat because of poor gameplay. Other games with NO story succeed with great gameplay. Mario Party is definitely in the latter category. You can hate the Mario Party series for its excellent "Land Before Time" impression. You can be among the groups of people that prefer Mario Party 2 and Mario Party 3. Yet there is one thing that you must admit. Mario Party was DARNED fun back in 1999! Sure, people said to NEVER play with one person, but playing all four characters as one person can be a blast as well.Anticipation may have been the first board-game video game for Nintendo, but it wasn't exactly successful, and had relatively primative gameplay. So people now associate Mario Party with the introduction of board-game video game, and it's definitely more like a board game than any other game before it. I mean, you "roll a dice" and move around the board encountering various pitfalls and experiencing different events. Although most of the boards are well-designed, I have realized that the majority of the "board-game" aspect is text or movement, and somebody watching a tape with only footage the "board-game" aspect would likely get very bored very fast. But what makes Mario Party the gem that it is are...the mini-games! Yes, Mario Party has 56 mini games to entertain all souls from all walks of life. Sure, not all mini-games are perfect, but you know what? Even with all of the blisters, broken glasses, and white powder appearing on the N64 controller, the mini-games are still worth it! Especially Mushroom Mix-Up and Running of the Bulb. Oh yeah. Those are great games. Mushroom Mix-Up provided tons of frantic fun and Running of the Bulb was hectic but exciting. 4-player teamwork games really need to make a comeback.Being a title developed by a third party (yes, Hudson is a 3rd party developer), the graphics in Mario Party are not exactly polished. Most of the textures are just simple polygons. And as was stated, the water is in the Bombs Away game is extremely pixelated. These graphics are not the ones that are so grand that you can't help but go "Uah," but why bother with visual aesthetics when the game is already filled with gameplay finesse. At least the graphics don't hurt your eyes. I can't say that about a game that game out 3-4 months after Mario Party...I'm sure you all know what it is. Sound. Sound effects are amusing, but not exactly something special. Voice acting is good, but I finally found out (after five years) that much of the voice samples were lifted directly from the Japanese version of Mario Kart 64. The music? It is fantastic! There's a hint of Super Mario Bros. mixed in with the rest. It's great to listen to, even if it is all just MIDIs. Okay, a lot of this is probably due to nostalgia. I can write a paper on nostalgia and Mario Party, but I'll leave it at this. The bottom line is, even though Mario Party isn't one of the technologically advanced games on the N64, it sure makes up for it with its incredible gameplay.
You either love mario party or hate it, I always wanted it as a kid and i finally bought it. Great to play with my college friends.
I still remember the first time I played this game, it remains a favorite even today. Some minigames are a bit simple, but I still love it!Ony complaint: PADDLE BATTLE! Who's stupid idea was this? Rotating the controlstick gives me blisters! Ouch!
Mario Party is a fun board game video game where you are on a game board trying to earn stars.  You hit blocks to determine the number of spaces you  move and earn or lose things depending on the space you land on. Then, at  the end of each turn you play a mini game.  There are other fun things to  do, like play in the mini-game stadium, shop for new games and play  individually to earn prizes.  However, one major downer? The rotating hand  games. Play this game enough and games like &quot;Cast Aways&quot; the one  with the light bulb, and the 1 vs 3 riverboat game will cause blisters in  your hand!If you like this one then check out the 2nd one as well for  more options, new board games and mini-games as well as new gameplay  features. However, some mini games and boardgames in this version are  really great so give em both a go!
This is a awesome game it's fun and chalaging. it's fun for the whole family.
The cart is functional and came as pictured. This is a great game for inciting fist fights and destroying friendships of all ages. Would recommend to anyone looking to end an unsavory relationship.
The original Mario Party is a must, as previous mentioned in the title, for any retro gamer and collector of classics. Those of you who have played Mario Party 8 or 9 for the Wii can now see the humble beginnings of this popular series of hit family games.Unlike Mario Party 8, there is a somewhat more interesting storyline where the six most famous characters of the Mushroom Kingdom (Mario, Luigi, Peach, Yoshi, DK, and Wario) are arguing over who could be the Super Star. After a rather amusing argument sequence, the six are placated by Toad to play a variety of games in order to achieve good deeds and become the Super Star.When held in comparison of the boards of Mario Party 8 and 9 for the Wii, the boards of Mario Party 1 are still holding up well. Naturally, the graphics are incredibly dated, but the design is a tad more intricate and focuses on gameplay instead of the visual style. The rules are the same for each board also:- You and three other players move around the board in a predetermined amount of turns- Play addictive and fun mini-games- Collect coins and (hopefully) a star or two- Try not to run into Bowser who will cause nothing more but trouble and steal your money or stars- And after each amount of turns play out, you get a cool little cinema of victory if you win.While I consider Mario Party 8 visually better and more entertaining, this game is still a classic and not just because it started the Mario Party craze. I love this game because the music is very cool compared to the strange pieces played in 8 and the controls are much more easier to use than the erratic unpredictability of the Wii-Remotes. All in all, a solid purchase.
I Got This Game In Excellent Condition In June Of 2003, But I Have Loved It Since It Came Out In America On February 8, 1999. I Recommend Buying It Without EVER Renting It! There Are A Couple Of Mini-Games that are not good for your controller and can blister your hand. they involve spinning the Control Stick. and you have to do so vigorously otherwise you'll lose. I Have all eight games. I'm nealy 21 years old and I Love Mario Party!
Presentation:Back in the day Nintendo wanted another fun multiplayer game to create that doesn't exactly involve racing and thus the first of many Mario Party games was created. Let's see how they did in this new evolution to one of the most influential franchises in gaming.Gameplay:This was one of the first Nintendo games to include 4 player multiplayer and boy did people love this! Basically this game is like a board game, you start off with 10 coins and you roll a dice to determine where you go depending on the spaces you land on you can have fortunate things happen to you, unfortunate things, or you can end up gaining or losing coins. At the end of each turn the 4 players compete in a mini-game where the winner has a chance to win 10 coins. You want coins so you can have enough to buy a Star from Toad or maybe even have Boo steal one for you. When you've made a whole lap around the board depending on the time of the game Koopa Troopa will give you neither 10 or 20 coins. After 20-50 turns when the game ends youhave a chance to win bonus stars, the person with the most stars after that wins! The gameplay is a lot of fun whether you are playing alone or with friends. 9/10Music and Sound Effects:The music is very catchy to listen to, and the sound effects are good for the most part. The voice acting however is hilarious, nothing like hearing Wario yell "DOH! I MISSED!!". 8/10Story:The story is for the most part an amateur story. However most Mario games are, Mario and his friends one day argue about who is the best and they decide to find out who is through multiple games of Mario Party. In the meantime Bowser trys to cause trouble for the characters and they end up eventually defeating him at his volcano. Angered by this he tries to defeat them again in space, luring them there by stealing their stars. They once again defeat Bowser, and the winner of that game is declared the Superstar. The default winner of the game is Wario. 6/10Overall:Mario Party is a great single player and multiplayer game. And can be enjoyed by anyone of any age though the game is out of date I find this to be one of the best of the Mario Party series. With this I give this game an overall score of 8.5/10!
This game is so much fun! This is where it all started this game is one of the best mario parties. There's 6 characters who are arguably to this day still the most popular mario characters. There's 50 minigames and 8 fantastic boards!
I had a N64 back then in 1998, so I got this game. It is great!GAMEPLAY:WOW! GREAT GAMEPLAY! There's awesome characters (Donkey Kong, Peach, etc.) and the game is like a little electronic gameboard. with a dice, and spaces (lots) that you can trust.MINIGAMES: Great minigames! There's SHYGUY SAYS, a game where you'r supposed to press whatever button he tells you. And a game which you can make a treasure chest come to you.GRAPHICS: Pretty good for an N64 game, the only other N64 game that had grat graphics was PERFECT DARK.SOUND: Great. Pretty great for an "old" game.OVERALL GRADE: A+So If you have an N64, then get this game!
miss play game for long time I haven't play so now final get and play as enjoy. alright thumb up.
There were so many cool Hidden things in this game and strange little things that you could do beyond just racing. The glitch were when you were driving towards the center of the destruction Derby and hit it just right and go shooting into the air is my favorite. This always used to make my day as a kid.
I remember renting this back in the day when Playstation was still in its infancy.  I really like this game and I still play it today!
played this game years ago and owned it too but it got lost over the years lol. well now i have it agian and wow brings back memories :-) the gameplay is simple u race, u wreck, and when all else fails u go backward and smash anything that moves. there is not a game like this currently. there have been some sequals but they are not like this and a new game like this would be awesome!!!!
This game brought me hours of fun I don't know what everyones problem is.
This game is VERY challenging and requires some brains, which is why I like it better than those other gun games. Even though I was losing, I was hooked to it and I didn't scream or curse the game either. So if you like those type of mind-challenging games, I recoomend this one. The only bad thing about it is the guns (you can run out of ammo FAST) but I gave the game 5 stars anyway.
I enjoy watching Tom Cruise do some interesting things in some of the strangest places. Walk around the hotels and things. It is much better than James Bond. It doesn't have all of the gun sounds droning around. Go to the restroom or the bar.
well it starts off your this dude with orange battle armor on.youre traveling time to stop these giant bug/cyborg thingies from taking over.you get all the regular standard weopons like pistol,rifle,shotgun,bazooka,explosives etc.1st your in greece.you roam the desert,operate tanks,fight bugs,blow stuff up,blast mountainsides apart,fly jets,blow stuff up,go to atlantis,find runes,nuke bugs with a sun shield and much much more!then its onto the rain forest in java.here theres lots of lava to avoid.i think the graphics here are beautiful.theres some cool boats,lots of cool planes.HERES A SPOILER:well i wouldnt call it one.theres this one particuraly tricky part on this board where unless you try to kill yourself,you wont see how to get past.im only telling this so you dont get stalled here like i did.your objective will be to find a way around mount rua rua.youll go way up this mtn and fight off a army of bugs sent by the man in black.once killed there is no obvious way to go.you must inch right up to the very edge of the cliff.there is a path leading downward right in between 2 large pools of lava.takeit to the temple.anyhow,next you go to america in the 60s.the cars all kick butt but no hippies,or love ins or partying,or................you sure this is the 60s?the 1st board here is lots of fun.theres stunt cars with which you must jump over valleys,boulder busting,nitro experiments,aliens,you have to navigate a scud missle.........its great!then onto antarctica..............no its siberia in the then future now past to battle more bugs.now theres zombies too.for fun you can grind them up in a combine.there cool about it though,theyll get up and get in your way some more.theres trains,hover crafts,mutagen[maybe this is the board with the scud].....but all the fun stops here.the last board is im-freaking-possible without cheating.there are monsters who  require being hit like 15-30 times with rockets wholl swarm you in packs of 30.or in other words,youre meat within seconds no matter how cool you think you are.so just put on the game shark and go to work.this game could be described as say duke nukem meets amorines or maybe starship troopers meets return of the jedi.[what with the shield generaters and all].a great game with lots and lots of diversity.you cant get bored!
Time hero preventing alien harvests. Different time lines = different vehicles.-----------I find this game was very well thought out.  The harvesting wall alone adds very much to the story. (A shield boundary that you can't pass.)  As you progress through the game you get newer weapons and vehicles of that time period.  Its rewarding when you stumble across a tank and then in turn wreak havoc on all aliens that you come to.  Planes,boats,bikes, firetrucks you name it this game has that vehicle.This game sounds great also. YOu can hear the rifle reverb, all vechicles sound different and it has very interesting mood music.This game is very interactive which is why I like it so much.  As you beat bosses and levels you can wrap back any time you want.  A simple touch is that you can turn on or off all candles,lanterns,torches and  lights in the buildings.  You have to pull switches block windmills and at one point, use a fire truck to put out a fire.Ripping through the jungle in your jeep.. OHHH sheeet. to fast. You ditch it into a pond. There is one less jeep you can drive.This game is an orginal game idea that always earns bonus points. And it was done very well.To sum it up. I like the levels, all the vechiles, the graphics of mutalating a alien with a maching gun on the tank. The puzzles aspect. Its great.Some people are just a little to tough on this game.  It reminds me of starship troopers so much.A very worthy classic. 4 1/2.
I always wondered why I could never beat this game and as a 22 year old adult I figured it out...This game is hard! I will not post any spoilers but this game has done an awesome job with the technology available at the time of it's creation and GTA takes homage to it and based gameplay similarities off it. Anyway, there are not many games in today's day that makes games like this. It creates the atmosphere that you are under an imminent threat and you are never alone but at the same time it's only you that lies between a saved planet and destruction. If you haven't played this game but want to play older games, I would highly recommend this. If you are like me and haven't beaten this game..Give yourself that satisfaction and DO IT!
Body Harvest is like nothing you have played before. The idea is much like Blast Corps N64 and you actually harvest bodies in this game! The stages on each level where quite big and hard to complete. It is highly unique and addictive. Anyway this was the leading N64 I played in the Winter of 1998 by at which stage we where hearing that the old 1994 Playstation 1 was about to undergo a change. There was an important reason why I gave up buying more games on the N64 after the Winter of 1998 or the whole of 1999. I had been playing the N64 since the end of 1996 start of 1997. I got two solid great gaming years out of it, with the following two years spent playing the mutliplayer N64 we loved and owned.It would another few years before I would pick up a games console again.
my husband loved his birthday gift.. he played this when he was younger and due to a bad divorce from his ex wife he lost it. Now he has it back and we are building a collection together. He was impressed what I paid for it, and how great of a condition it was in when it arrived. Perfect condition, perfect working order. Would buy from this seller again.
Where do I begin? The graphics are top-notch for the time it was released, and the environments vary from being colorful to plain dark with a very fitting soundtrack that hums perfectly with its perspective locations, and the controls are pretty solid, and you can even use the analog stick, which is pretty neat for a game that was originally released in Japan in 1998 with a 1999 US release. The enemies can be rather creepy, which adds to the overall appeal of it. The story is rather entertaining with plot twists that will keep the player going, and the idea of mist being such a poisonous element to the world seems interesting in itself as there are some deserted towns that were deserted from the movement of such a lethal element. The battles have various combinations that characters can use to defeat opponents, and some of the bosses will require having special moves to defeat them, as they can rake up in difficulty very quickly. Overall, I highly recommend this game to any RPG fan looking for an original story with exciting gameplay. My two cents.
This is one of the best RPGs I ever played.  It has a unique combat system that inputs how you'll attack by using combos with you feet and both arms.  Often you find a special move after using a specific combo that gives stronger attacks.  I highly recommend this game to RPG lovers and Playstation 1 gamers.
One of the best fighting games of it's era. I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys fighting games.
I bought this game when it first came out.  I immediately loved the fighting style against enemies.  This game reminds me so much of Final Fantasy VII for the PS and it is very similar in battles except for the ability to customize hitting attacks.  That is the best part of this game.  If you liked Final Fantasy VII, get this game.  5 Stars RPG Game, but the battles tend to take too long sometimes.
And this is coming from someone who has played so many other RPG games including the very impressive Legend of Dragoon and also of course the famous Final Fantasy games.The characters for one are quite memorable. Let's take Noa first. She eventually will become, if not your strongest, then second strongest in the entire group. Her speed is superior over the men's and thus makes her deliver some hard hits. She became my best fighter and unlike others she was my favorite character. Many here say that Noa is annoying but honestly people she was raised her whole life in a cave without any human contact. Of course she doesn't understand how to behave in public how could she? So I think reviewers should cut the game some slack with her since they're just trying to make her realistic.Gala is a great fighter due to his body strength. He eventually hits the hardest and does great damage to the enemies. Gala himself is a rather interesting character as well. At first he doesn't warm up to either Vahn and Noa, but only because of his extreme dislike for seru and anyone who wears them. When he finds out how special Ra- Seru though, he warms up and becomes a willing and actually humorous character.Vahn is the one you have to control. He only speaks what you choose for him to say but everyone loves him. He's the nice guy and a good fighter as well. He's not as quick as Noa, or as strong as Gala, but nonetheless when you get his levels up he can be a great fighter as well.Now for the game itself, it is a very fun, and long game. If you're not patient enough to last through a long video game then you better steer clear of this game. It took me 70 hours to finish it and that's mainly because every town that was filled with the Mist I stuck around before saving it to level up a bit more. Some people I notice complain of how hard the bosses are. I found none of the bosses truly hard at all- even the final boss I did not break a sweat over. Maybe because I have played so many other RPGs that they were easy, but I think even someone not really into RPGs could easily beat the bosses of the game. It's just I think a lot of people didn't level up as much as they should have. At the very end of the game I was at level 52 for my group and that was more than enough for me to beat the game.Leveling up can be a pain once all three characters get to higher levels, but the bosses are easy to beat as long as you level up a few in every Mist- filled town. So I advise gamers to do so. Also leveling up the magic creatures your Ra- Seru takes in as is very easy and necessary- just use them frequently in battle and they will easily level up in no time.Also it is smart to level up anyway to get a lot of money. Because I do agree with one complaint- the weapons in this game cost a lot of money eventually. I think the point is to fight a lot so you don't have a money problem- but I do agree the weapons still, especially towards the end of the game, get to be too pricey. Just fight a bit, or even sell an accessory you don't wear, and you will eventually find the money for them.The plot and subplots of this game is what keeps you overall entertained. I won't repeat what the Amazon review already has wrote out so well, but the basic goal throughout the game is to destroy the Mist all over the world by reviving Genesis trees and destroying Mist generators. Along the way many interesting characters come along and you fight a few and help a few.The best part of the game is definitely the outfits though the three get to wear. The new weapons and armor they wear are always different in appearance and visually appealing. Noa's outfits are especially beautiful. It's worth the money I think to pay for them.So overall this is a long and very creative game. The storylines throughout the game connect well and the plot itself unravels well as you go along. The characters are likeable and as said before the battle scenes are visually appealing and fun. The levels do take awhile as you get up to higher numbers, but you do not need at all to get anywhere near level 99. As said before, I beat the game easily at level 52. I would say the only really minor negative parts are the long levels and amount of money for armor- other than that, this game is a true joy. Highly recommend for people who like games such as Final Fantasy.5/5.
I already had this game back in 2001 but lent it to a friend and never got it back so I have already played it and decided to get it again and I have to say It's by far my favorite PSone Game ever.  The #1 reason I love this game is the execution of the Super, Hyper, and Miracle arts.  I have a few other reasons but I'm only listing the first one.
In 1999 everyone had gotten all excited about Final Fantasy VIII (what a mistake that was) while THIS game would be the one to keep RPGers satisfied until then.  While it clearly isn't that remarkable for the new generation, Legend of Legaia was every RPGers dream.  A rich well thought out Battle system with an excellent storyline to boot. Not only that but the game was extremely difficult.  A vast world full of sidequests and mini games as well as one of the hardest optional bosses in RPG HISTORY!First the graphics.  This was probably one of the last RPGs made to use the blocky polygons, but the graphics were exquisite. Especially in battle.  When seeing characters in battle the game actually viewed your characters in full armor!  If you took armor off and placed on a different armor it showed! When did Final Fantasy do THAT?  Outside of battle the graphics are colorful and towns are nice and easy to navigate.Now for what I think made Legend of Legaia pretty interesting as far as RPGs go.  The battle system was probably one of the best battle systems I saw.  First you selected to fight in a battle. Then with each character you selected several chains to connect together to form a combo (think of Street Fighter).  You watch them perform the combo and do an art technique that consumed AP.  The only way to gain your AP back was to be attacked, attack without using arts or to select a command called &quot;Spirit&quot; (which replaces what we often call &quot;Defend&quot; or &quot;Guard&quot;).  The only flaw with this system? Well gaining AP takes longer than it actually sounds and for that battles get to be VERY long. Boss battles can take as long as an hour because of this.The storyline is that God created humans.  But the humans were unable to fend off monsters that covered the land.  So God gave them a power in which to aid them. It was called the seru.  Humans grew reliable on Seru and began to do things that they otherwise couldn't do. Things such as fly, or become incredibly strong.  But one day that came to an end when out of nowhere the mist covers the land in which the humans live on.  The mist causes the seru to go insane and attack the humans casuing disaster in the land of Legaia.  Thus the Legend begins!Learning magic wasn't entirely original but it was different from what I was used to.  You were bestowed with a Ra-Seru and when you attacked certain enemies they would either die or they would turn into a magic spell for you to keep.  This was a great idea but learning magic is very annoying at times when you must fight the same enemies over and over again.My cons with the game.  The character developement is pretty bad.  The characters don't act their age. It's nice that they have a background on them though. So I guess these characters are developed in some ways but they're very unbelievable.  The other con is that while the game is difficult it get's disturbingly easy as you go through...well somewhat.  EVERY MOMENT in this game before the Final Boss is really hard...then you get to that final boss and he's so incredibly easy.  Another bad thing about the game is that there is this hidden boss named Lapis who does several points of damage to you. This is one of the hardest bosses in Legend of Legaia and possibly RPG history.  What makes it bad though is that the reward for defeating him is nothing special so of course defeating the boss is only for bragging rights.The music in this game is superb. The moment is always set and the music makes you feel as if you're in a fantasy. A type of music that I don't always get.  The game is also full of mini games and sidequests as well.  Not only that but the way the story unfolds is by far one of the best ways to tell this kind of story. At first it seems like a cliche but it's much more than that.OverallThe good+INCREDIBLE Battle system+Great story+Cool grapchis+Great music+Lots of mini games and sidequests+A hard game+An epic adventureThe bad-Stuff is too expensive (Not mentioned above)-Characters lack-Battles can get really long.
Memory is what you need to even begin playing with your nintendo 64 for two reasons. First you cant play Zelda without it. Second, because if you want to continue in a game with levels saving it will help. Nintendo 64 memory is a high price although if you buy another version of memory it may not work. Paying more is better thatn paying for a new system if it breaks.
The expansion pak is the best thing since sliced bread. It is the item that revived the 64 after Dreamcast (RIP) debuted. It makes the graphics even more superior, finally putting the PSX to shame. It also helped to create enormous games, such as the excellent Majora's Mask and Perfect Dark. But here's the twist. If you don't allready have a pak or Donkey Kong 64, I would suggest you purchased them as a bundle at the very low price of ..., a steal from the Expansion Pak at ....ac.
I extremely recommend this, especially for the games that have come out lately, which may run slow without it. Other games won't even let you play the full version enless you have an expansion pack. I speeds up the game speed and raises the graphic quality by a lot. It makes a dramatic difference to your game. Go and buy it today.
This is my  favorite accesoory. It will make the graphics of dsome games better and all this other cool stuff. FFor some games you need it no matter what like Donkey Kong 64.
For any post Zelda: OoT N64 hit this device is a must have.
Great product, glad Nintendo decided to come out with it.  Boosts RAM for the 64, which greatly improves gameplay.
For anyone who still owns or wants to buy a N64 you simply MUST have the expansion pack.Banjo TooieDonkey Kong 64 all made great use of the pack.More ram.Bigger and more colorful worlds.It pretty much does exactly what the description says.Granted the older N64 games don't make use of it but the newer games do.A no brainer and a must have.Highly recommended.
This makes the N64 graphics look like PS2. Too bad not all the games are compatible with this. Plus it adds 4MB more to your memory card and improves graphics sound. If u want one of these get the ones nintendo made. If u want the most out of your N64, look for this where ever u can. U will not regret it.
(Note: I'm writing this for the Expansion Pak produced by Tomee. These third party expansion paks seem to hover together in the same listing. So just keep that in mind if you go taking my advice.)If I'm not mistaken, this is an aftermarket expansion pak. I've heard some bad things about the Tomee controllers floating around, but the expansion pak actually seems to work pretty well. I bought one produced by InterAct (a more reputable third-party manufacturer) years ago, and there's no apparent difference in quality. As I've never owned the Nintendo version of the expansion pak, I can't really say how it compares to the first party quality. However, there shouldn't really be any difference. It's just RAM. :).
Now I can play four man matches in WWF No Mercy without considerably low frame rate and lag. Great product and shipped fast.
This expansion pack allows you to play better games and increases the graphics on the N64.A+++.
This is a needed tool for the Gameshark Pro and certain games like Zelda. If you do not need it, pick it up for a little extra detail in all of your games. It makes everything look great and it stops the slowdown that games like No Mercy have.
I bought this expansion pak for a N64 that I picked up at a thrift store and it works great. You need this accessory if you plan on playing some of the more graphic-intensive N64 games.
Getting this new was the best way for me. Can't play Majora's Mask without it :D Plus its a good find for us who still play the Nintendo 64 games.
MY N64 restarted for no reason every now and again and the Xpack fixed that. Totally worth owning if you own any of the later N64 titles.Its totally worth it for the High rez version of EP1 racer and the ability to play DK64 and PD.
The expansion pack beefs up the graphics capability of the standard Nintendo 64 Unit. This in itself should make any gamer run out and grab one - when you compare the price of this to the price of one of the new consoles, you're saving tons of money!What does it do? For some games that work both with and without the expansion pack, it greatly increases the types of graphics shown during gameplay. Pod Racer is a stellar example. Play without the pack, and you get rings and blocky graphics. Add in the pack and you suddenly have lens flare, details of ships racing beside you, crucial information about upcoming turns. It makes the game play the way the developers intended.It's like watching The Matrix on a shoddy VHS tape copied from a friend, and then seeing it on DVD. It's an amazing difference for a very low price.In addition, many new games coming out are so graphic-intensive that they require the expansion pack to even play. The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask is a key example. This is an EXCELLENT game with great extended gameplay, but you can't even start if you don't have this pack in place.It's not difficult to install - you simply plug it in once and it stays there permanently. You can still play older games with it in place. If you're paying $60 for games, why not pay out for this expansion that will make them all play better, and give you access to the newer games?
This red pak is intended for expending RAM space for N64 games, I strongly recommend it for a gamers' enjoyment.
Must have for certain games like Legend of Zelda Majora's Mask! It is required or you will not be able to play the game at all. Supposed to enhance graphics for all games as well.
If you have an N64 you must get an Expansion Pak. The Expansion Pak increases the graphics and the speed of some of the newers games on the N64. Some of the newest one's will not play with out it. Like some people have said this is just like adding RAM to a PC. It's easy and fast and I've had no problems with mine. If you have an N64 buy an expansion pak. You will not regret it.
I know the kids needed this for something but dont know why. I believe its still working as they still play 64.
well if you need it and your games require it or just want a boost of video memory in your N64 then get this it helps :D.
Make sure you check to see you've got the RAM expansion in your N64. If you haven't, go ahead and order one. A lot of great games require it, like Perfect Dark and Donkey Kong 64. It isn't groundbreaking technology or anything, but it's one of those things like guns, condoms, first aid kits, or umbrellas - better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it.
I needed this to play Majora's Mask, I'm glad I could find one with a reasonable price even 15 years later. Several late-N64 games need one of these, if your game is one of these than here ya go!
you get what you came for, its an expansion pak to play larger n64 games and it makes all your other n64 games run smoother. N64 looks cool now that its got a red hood ornament haha.
and it makes the Turok 2 and 3 look better. If you have an N64 and want to experience some of the best it has to offer than this expansion pack is essential.
It's cheap, it's memory, so it's excellent! Memory always does a good job to any game/software, and you can see that by Donkey Kong 64, International Superstar Soccer 2000, Zelda: Majora's Mask and other great games that support the Expansion Pack.Don't waste your time, if you pretend to continue playing Nintendo 64 games, you will need to gear up!
Such a necessity that once I received it for Christmas I got rid of the Jumper Pak for good.The Expansion pak holds MUCH more memory.If you have games that need it ask mom and dad night and day to buy you an Expansion Pak.You really have no need for the Jumper Pak.The Jumper Pak is really hard to get out anyway.I had to use a knife to get the Jumper Pak out which cant be too good for the system but what the hey now the Expansion Pak is in and I dont need to worry anymore.
The Nintendo 64 memory expansion pak upgrade is not vital for the most part, in terms of plugging up and playing many of the great titles already released for this console. But there are a few titles that absolutely require this upgrade. The Legend of Zelda Majora's Mask and Donkey Kong 64 are two such titles for example, that cannot be accessed without this upgrade. Perfect Dark is one such title which offers minimal gameplay and locks players out of many of it's richer features due to the lack of available memory to run all of it's features properly. But I think you'll find that even if Donkey kong 64, Perfect dark, or Zelda Majora's Mask isn't your thing, you'll still be wanting to consider purchasing this Ram expansion for a few key reasons.1)Improved gameplay details. A lot of games weather you know this or not offer very fine gameplay oriented details not available without extended memory. Most games are capable of improved framerate (improves quality of onscreen action. Prevents slow down effects when a lot of on screen action is occuring for example.) Programers can implement more textures and details to environments and characters making things look more lively or life like. AI (artificial intelligence) can be improved and become "smarter".2) The second drastic improvement is audio/visual quality. Most people that don't understand how computer games really work or don't know all the technical terms, have a commen misconception that this expansion pak is supposed to improve the graphics in a way that might take the console beyond it's 64 bit capabilities. This isn't true. Rather, the expansion pak improves color quality and helps to reduce the blurry effect of the colors in most games, creating better visual clarity. Much of the blocky character sprites (but not all of course) will appear smooth and less blockish or choppy. With the improved framerate you may even notice how the environment in some games can pan out further while maintaining a smooth look, allowing the player to see further away from the character than they could with the jumper pak....The memory expansion for N64 is relatively cheap now that the console itself is two generations removed behind Gamecube and Wii. And if your still into retro gaming or just enjoy playing the Nintendo 64 even after all these years I would certainly recommend this buy. Even if you never play the games which require the upgrade, I would consider this because of it's ability to enhance visual clarity. Couple the memory expansion up with a Video-S cable, and you will still find an appeal to the outdated graphics of a system of yore.
An expansion pack is essential as more and more games are coming out where you need to use the expansion pack.  The expansion pack improves graphics on games like South Park and Star Wars and is essential to play games like Zelda Majoras Mask and Perfect Dark.  The graphics are greatly improved that if you put two monitors together with one having a nintendo with an expansion pack and one without an expansion pack you would be able to see the difference.  Dont miss out on some of the best games about at the moment, buy an exoansion pack and enjoy.
I must admit, I was a tad dissapointed that we had to buy this thing in order to play some games for the N64.  Not that many require it, but the  best games DO require it to get the best performance out of it.  As the  days of Nintendo went by, so did the games and so did my endless day in the  house and not leaving it, to play with my N64.  I've come to the  realization that the PAK does help out much with many games that don't even  require it.  A fact that you might not know about the expansion pak is that  it does, in fact, help every N64 game out there, however, not all of them  take in the dramatic effect that it has to offer.  Games not designed for  it, won't use it as much or as well as games that do work with it will,  however, little things can be improved.  As with the N64 Expansion Pak,  I've noticed that many games (designed for it) work more than well on the  system and are greatly improved.  As the fact that Nintendo is pushing out  games that now require it (Majora's Mask, DK64)it is vital to have it.  A  tad pricey, yes, but beneficial all the same.
Lots of games require this to be installed so it is a MUST. 5 stars because it is needed to play one of the Zeldas!
Works great, just like any N64 expansion pak. Nothing much to really say about it. It's a good product and if you have an N64, you should definitely get one. Increases RAM from 4MB to 8MB which basically means better graphics and more visually appealing games.
I still remember as a kid on my Birthday when my Dad bought me a N64 with a bunch of games including Donkey kong & a few months ago I bought the N64 from one of my old friends and a while after I bought Donkey kong and other games at a flea market but I had forgotten that to play Donkey Kong it required the Expansion Pak so I came here Bought it hoping that it would arrive and surely it did, all it came in was in one of those Orange envelope things & it wasn't even wrapped in anything when I opened it it was just right there but it's cool cause at least the inside was insulated with Bubble wrap, kept it safe & it looked Brand New. I'm just Happy now that I can play again one of the games I played when I was like around 8 years old and now I'm 19.
simply awesome. if you havent already played it, get it, youre gauranteed to love it. its the birth of spectacular stealth adventures. and you can buy it for as little as three dollars on amazon and it will play on playstation 2.
Arrived in a timely manner and in great condition. No problems with the game and thoroughly enjoyed playing it. Recommended to those who grew up with the PS1.
During one of my many ventures to my local game store a year and a half ago, I came across a game called "Syphon Filter". Intrigued, I went ahead and bought it, popped it in my Psone, and to this day, it is one of the best games I have ever played. I have beat the 1st, 2nd and 3rd, and am on my second "pass" through the series. I will then give the "Omega Strain" a go on my PS2 once I am finished with SF3. While I have read no so favorable reviews on OS, I think it would be fair to at least give it a try.You are "Gabe" Logan, a special operative for a super secret government orginization aptly named "The Agency". Your mission is to find a dangerous chemical stolen by terrorists from a lab and stop them before they destroy the world. You are remotely partnered with Lian Xing, another agent who guides you through your missions and later on in the game is in action on the ground.You are gradually given an arsenal of weapons as each level moves forward. Among them are: There is the Silenced 9mm handgun, the .45 handgun, the G-18 Pistol-machine Gun, , the HK-5 Pistol Machine Gun, the Shotgun, the Combat Shotgun, the PK-102 Assault Rifle, the M-16 Assault Rifle, and the K3G4 Assault Rifle just to name a few.In each mission based level, you must accomplish a variety of objectives, and eliminate a tough boss at different intervals. You will use stealth at times, or just face enemies head on. The interesting part about this game is that it really draws you in, and takes some interesting twists and turns as it progresses.As for gameplay, it is fantastic and addicting. While the levels are challenging and tough at times, they are not overly frustrating or extremely hard. Some levels and missions are easy, and others will take a few times to get through. It will be a bit of a challenge if you play this for the first time, but you won't become overwhelmed as in similar games. As you play it a second and third time,though, you will become familiar with the layout of the levels and more or less breeze through. As an example, I was able to shoot down the chopper on the base tower after 5 tries, as opposed to 30 attempts during my first run through the game over a year ago. You will also attain some "tricks" along the way as well, such as becoming more effective at headshots and so on. I have found that it's the "little" things that get you through this game.As for game layout and graphics, excellent, IMO for 1999 PS1. Great voice animations and camera angles as well.While there are many new games out, especially in the wake of the XBOX 360 and PSP releases, I still encourage you to give this masterpiece a try. You won't be disappointed.
Syphon Filter is a awesome game it was pretty advance in stealth reminded me of mg and splinter cell i only wish they would remake it and the others for ps3 with updated graphics.
This is one of the classics here. Same as Syphon Filter 2. I loved this game 12 years ago and I wanted to buy it and play it again. It's fantastic with the rollings and all the weapons.Great game!
This game is indeed what started it all. The graphics were great, considering its an early PSOne release. The storyline is a bit farfetched and predictable, but likeable (and face it, you've seen worse). The controls are extremely easy to work with, the missions are satisfactory, and you get to shoot ppl. What more do you want?
The Good: A lot of excelent guns, decent story with memorable characters, genius level design, tight controls and camera, varied objectives and localesThe Bad: Flimsy stealth, some levels are confusing, a little shortThird person shooters weren't very frequent on PS1 and when they did come by they were usually pretty bad. Syphon Filter proved that you can make this genre work on the PS1. The game is still really fun today and was way ahead of its time. A well done camera, great lock-on system, a decent story with memorable characters, a kick-ass arsenal of guns, and genius level design. Who would have thought a third person shooter would be this good in the late 90&#8242;s? Eidetic and 989 Studios did.You play as super spy Gabriel Logan who is a CIA agent trying to stop a dangerous terrorist named Eric Rhoemer. A Syphon Filter virus that targets specific DNA demographics has been created by a man named Phagan and it is up to you to shut down their operations and stop them from spreading the virus. You start out in New York with the streets being shot up by Rhoemer's thugs. There are objectives in each level to complete, but it is way beyond throw this switch, pull this lever, or shoot this amount of bad guys. You usually have to kill a certain amount of scientists, administer vaccines to victims, disarm bombs, turn off power grids. The objectives vary, but what is fun is figuring out how to get there.Syphon Filter has some of the most memorable levels I can remember. This is a game you play several times and remember where every enemy is, every crate location, and even how to kill each enemy. The levels vary with stealth sections, climbing, and timed areas. The game features a smart lock-on system because there is no camera control. It is surprisingly smart and follows you wherever you go. Enemies wearing flak jackets can only be taken out with head shots or very powerful weapons. This requires aiming in first person mode and taking them out. This flak jacket element is a staple of the series and will go on to be in every game. It is actually an element all on its own and not just body armor for you or the enemy. You can die very easily and if you don't stop and aim for head shots you will waste ammo and/or die very quickly.There are a couple of boss fights thrown in such as a helicopter midway and Rhoemer himself at the end. I found all gameplay elements to be evenly tossed up so you are never bored. The stealth elements need a bit of work and are probably the worst thing about the game, but it is very minor. Crouching and sneaking around works fine, but enemies tend to see you at unknown distances. Maybe a line of sight cone on the radar would help this. You also have to get in head shots otherwise they won't die right away and alert other guards.Weapon selection is also a bit flimsy because you have to hold down select and use L2 and R2 (strafe buttons) to select the weapon. I would have preferred a radial menu instead. Some levels can be a bit hard to navigate are too dark to see. Thankfully you get a flashlight you can equip because some levels are nearly pitch black. I found myself lost a few times because even though the level design is fantastic, some levels can look the same with confusing hallways and misplaced crates and boxes.I actually learned about weapons as a kid from this game. Real world weapons are in here and some that I have never seen in any other game before. The weapons are almost a character all on their own because they feel so good to shoot in the game. The K3G4 will cut through flak jackets easily and is probably the only weapon that will do this. The G18 is a super fast sub-machine pistol, while the silenced 9mm is a staple of the series. The shotgun, combat shotgun, PK-102, BIZ-2, Nightvision Rifle, .45, HK5, and a few more are all excellent weapons. It was also the distinct sounds the developers used that make these guns so memorable. The game has a great sniper scope that was unseen in games back then. There are grenades and gas grenades which are great for taking out a group of enemies stealthily. There are a lot of great weapons in the game and they are very memorable unlike most shooters.While the game itself is amazing the graphics were pretty good at the time. Looking pretty realistic art wise, the game had some good lighting effects and a lot of detail everywhere. I also have many fond memories of this game as a kid. I actually accidentally rented Silent Hill because I forgot the name of this game. I got all the way to the Pharcom Warehouse levels and had to turn the game in. I rented this game many times over and played it to death as a kid. I purchased it a few times here and there and every time I play this it brings back fond memories. Syphon Filter is one of the greatest games ever made and every gamer should play this masterpiece.
And you're the chosen one for thisPros:Missions are very fun to playNice aresonal of weapons(K3G4 will rip through those flak jackets)Very adictive gameplayPretty good musicThis game will last for a whileSuperb sound effectsBosses put up a pretty good fightaltho I don't like to cheat, it's a easy way to get all the levels and guns(with infinite ammo)put it on hard to push your skills to the limitat 19 bux, go grab a classicCons:Not so good graphics(Faces are flat in FMVs)I hate some stealth missionsVoice acting is pretty badSome missions are repetitveWhy does gabe run like he gotta crap his pantsThis game was definitly overshadowed by the imfamus Metal Gear Solid.  But that don't mean the game didn't sell, it reached the over the two million mark, and after playing it through, I see why.  If you love Metal Gear Solid, go check this out.Final Words:This game was great, no doubt, but Syphon Filter 2 was a bit worse, and it missed out on the Combat shotgun(Don't get me wrong, it's still a good game, not as good as the first.  Now I dunno why they put out Syphon Filter 3, that game stinks.  Now the're putting the climax of the series on the PS2, Syphon Filter, omega strain online.  Let's just hope omega strain can be as fun as this classic.Peace.
I loved playing this game back in 1999, so I decided to buy it to have it on my game collection. This game has lots of action, stealth, strategy and the plot is awesome! Id recommend it!
this is one of the game that u will remember for the rest of your life,the game is really fun the tutorial guide really helps the auto targetting is good but not perfect and this game is actually lot easier than its other parts.GRAPHICS 7/10 the characters look kind of flat and enviroment could have been a little more polishedSOUND 8/10 the background music to the bullets really coolcontrols 9/10 good but kind of twitchy in tight spotsOVERALL this game is just fun to play the story and the gamelay is awesome.
This game is fun for the exact opposite reason that Metal Gear Solid is fun.  In this game stealth isn't of much importance, while quickly killing all the bad guys on the screen is important.  Like most action games this one is staged out into many different missions, which usually have five or six objectives in order throughout the level. My personal favorite aspect of this game is the target system which locks on to the enemy of your choice making the game easier in a crowded room of enemies.  Syphon Filter is one great pure action game.
No complaints here, some parts of it became rather frustrating however.  A nice venture into a new series, too bad it was slowed down by poor story telling in later games.
The original Syphon Filter trilogy set the standard to what the arcade style military third person shooter was to be on that generation of console. Whether you're an old school collector or someone thats looking to properly emulate old school games on a PC this game is one every good boy and girl should have.
This game rocks the most. Quite possibly the best racing game for the N64, Beetle Adventure Racing packs so much into a single game pak that you wonder just what exactly does go on inside of that cartridge. Unlike other N64 racing games, BAR look just as darn good as anything you'd find on many Dreamcast games. The graphics are lush. Plus, there's stuff going on off of the track. Trains go by, warehouses operate and some freaky looking pumpkin things dance around. It offers much more to look at than, say, any Crusin' title. The control is superb, even the poor handling cars are a blast to play with. There's a Goldeneye multiplayer rip off where your car is outfitted with missles and bombs and the such. you get to go around collecting beetles which is just an excuse to kick the living daylights out of your annoying kid brother. Not that we :cough: ever do that.
This is a good game to play when you figure out how to play it.  I am still trying to figure out how to do some of the stunts on the game.
This is a racing game for anyone, and it features only the new version of the best selling car of all time, the Volkswagen Beetle.  It is a great game, with different difficulty levels in the championships, challenging opponents, and progressively harder courses.  This is also a great game for multiplayer, with the very original and fun &quot;beetle battle&quot;Courses:Coventry Cove:  A simple course for beginners, not very hard, and many interesting shortcutsMount Mayhem:  Significantly harder than Coventry Cove, this course takes you on a trip through a decked-out mountain, with many surprises and shortcuts and even a ski jump that you can take your car off of.Inferno Isle: Self Explanitory.  It's a course taking place on an island that is competing with a volcano, and there is also a spot where you can dive into the volcano (not into the lava, of course, but into the volcano for that matter)Sunset Sands: Egyptian themed course, running through ruins.  Unlike the other courses, this one has shortcuts that make a very significant difference in your position.Metro Madness:  also Self-Explanitory.  A drive through the city streets at top speed, and an interesting shortcut that literally lets you drive through a hotel.Wicked Woods: A &quot;scary&quot; drive through a Sleepy Hollow style setting.  Rightfully, the hardest course in the game.Altogether, I think that this is a game for anyone into the Volkswagen Beetle, racing games, or multiplayer.  It combines the best interests of all elements of the racing game.
Beetle Adventure Racing is a fun racing game for all ages. The graphics are amazing for a Nintendo 64. The Championship mode is a little to easy though. But I really love the Beetle Battle mode, especially with four players. It deserves 5 stars by far. It is a game well worth the money. It will keep you entertained for hours played levels, earning cars, and much more.
This one makes the Street Fighter games on Super NES look so lame. It has lots of combos the appointeds move very fast. You can always tag team your partner during the game. When you do your signature move the back ground looks has flashing lights, speaking of background I have to say what amazing 2D graphics. Even though this game says Marvel vs Street Fighter doesn't mean only the super heros fight the Street fighters you can make Spider man fight one of the X-Men. I guset they got the idea to make this game is cause the japanese are have great animes these and the U.S. challenges them.
This is probably one of the most exciting and intense racing games I have ever played. Set in the Star Wars universe, this is definitely one that's sure to last a long, long time.It's a surprisingly long game, although  it didn't take too long to beat. It also has great replay value, and I  enjoy it now just as much as I did when I first purchased it. Throughout  the game, and as you advance through the various courses, you will be able  to implement the money you earn to purchase better parts for your  particular pod racer. As you advance, you'll also be able to select more  powerful (and occasionally weaker) pods to test out. Run through each of  them, and see which fits you best. It might be the difference between  coming out on top, or being involved in the biggest explosion since the  Death Star!There's also an amazing score of wonderful John Williams  music from Episode I. There are various tracks for each course, and they  add an even better thrill to the game. The graphics are also very good,  much better than on the N64. If you have a good computer, and a decent 3D  card, you should have no problems. I have a 300Mhz system with a Voodoo2,  and it rocked!All in all, LucasArts has done it again! May the force be  with you! (Believe me, you'll need it!).
I bought it (when it first came out) for full price... and thought I might have wasted my money...let me tell ya...NO WAY..I didn't waste ONE penny...It's like racing indy cars but much faster, they turn easier and they fly...:)...There are 4 levels to this game. Level one has 7 races, all aare pretty easy. After you finish the level, you are given access to one level in level 4...each level is the same, but each getting harder...there are 4 races in level four, and let me tell ya...THEY ARE HARD!!!!!!! :)...!!! :)...(I still havn't completed races 3 and 4 in level 4!!!)...The Graphics are TOP NOTCH!! The compant, Lucasarts produces the best graphics in computer games. The game follows the story line of the movie well. Sure, the tracks are on differant planets than just Tatooine, but hey; It's fun! :) I love the game. And the characters from the movie, you can play all of them. The ONE thing that is not like the movie (BUT I'M GLAD IT IS ON THE GAME) is the &quot;YOU GET A NEW PODRACER&quot; feature when you crash...It's a life saver!!!ALL AROUND, I GIVE THIS GAME A 2, maybe 3, thumbs up.JASON ANDERSON.
THIS GAME IS JUST AWSOME.AND GIVE JAKE A BREAK HE WAS A LITTLE KID AT THE TIME.LIKE TO SEE U GUYS DO A BETTER JOB.
I'm not going to bother explaining what Tetris is, as by now, all of you have been laying bricks for the past two decades.Instead, I will explain why this just might be the best tetris since the original.Except for missing the catchy original Tetris music, this versian improves vastly over the original.Giving the game a nice color overhaul made it really pretty to look at, and they beefed it up with several features I wished were in the original (without ruining it like they did in Tetris Worlds for the gba)For example, there is a save anywhere feature, so you can play it anytime you want. Also, how many of us wish that you could play Tetris against another? Well, in the origianl, you had to have a buddy who had a link cabe, a gameboy and a copy of tetris to play. You still have to do that in this versian, but you can also challenge the computer to matches, and it will send you garabge blocks just like it would if you were playing one of your friends. You can set the difficulty three levels, and the higher you set it, the more aggressive the computer becomes.Also, my main complaint with Tetris Worlds was there was no scoring feature, but this versian has plenty, and even saves the when you turn off the game. Not even the original did that! (At least, not in my gb game)There is the "view next piece" feature, but you can turn it off if you wish, but there is no"infinate rotate" feature, or "ghost/shadow piece" to let you see when to drop it.I was very disappointed with the gba Tetris Worlds, and it's funny that I should tell people to go buy this instead of the gba game, but this one is worth the purchase, folks!Get this, and forget there ever was a "Tetris Worlds", as this one improves over the original in almost all ways (exept the music..I would have liked the russian tetris music, instead we get this weird techno-pop music.).
This is the best puzzle game ever made. Although I love the Puyo Puyo style games (Dr. Mario, Columns, Bust A Move, etc.), I have to say that Tetris is the cream of the crop. After all, Tetris is what sold the original Gameboy, and it was logical to make Tetris DX a launch title when the Game Boy Color came out. I bought the GBC the day it was released, and I bought Tetris DX the next week, and Tetris DX is one of the most-played titles on my GBC...the sheer addictiveness of the game is so frickin' awesome, and I love how blocks fall faster in later levels (so it has an 1980's old-school style to it...I love &quot;old school&quot; games).
I have both this game AND Tetris Worlds for Game Boy Advance, And I love them both as much as the other. Tetris worlds my not have a Battery Back-up, but it more than makes up for that with the extremely fun game variations and the classic tetris Music.Tetris DX DOES Have a battery, but it's just basic tetris. I'm able to score at least 400,000 points regularly, so every time I top out I have to put up with that annoying rocket launch sequence, wheras with Tetris Worlds, when you top out, you can start the next game right away without having to put up with annoying rocket sequences. the bottom line: went I want to play Classic Tetris, I play Tetris DX. when I want Enhanced graphics and effects and Nostalgic Music, I play Tetris Worlds.
When the original Game Boy launched in 1989, Tetris was the pack in cartridge that introduced the world to one of the most recognized games ever. Almost ten years later, right after the release of the Game Boy Color, Nintendo releases a colorful port of an addictive puzzle game we came to know and love. Tetris DX is the original Game Boy Tetris now in color and adds two more game modes and 2 player VS support. It was still great to play as it is now.Everyone knows what Tetris is so I won't explain it as many other reviewers have done so already. Tetris DX gets the full color support and has three game modes: Marathon (keep playing until it's game over), Ultra (score as many points as you can in 3 minutes) and 40 Lines (clear 40 lines as fast as you can.) You can connect another Game Boy Color from another player and play against him/her and even send your high scores over to his/her copy of the game.It's a great game overall with lots of re playability. If you had friends, then it was twice as fun to play against the other person and see who gets the highest score. Though nowadays, there are better versions of Tetris on the market, this will always remain a classic. It was a treat for Game Boy Color owners and was one game everyone got into.
You will love Tetris DX! I had the Tetris Gold Collection from Spectrum Holobyte CD for Windows, and I didn't think I would like this one, but it  hooked me! You can change the music, pause the game and it keeps 3 of your  highest scores. Very addictive and enjoyable!
Tetris DX is a very fun game! You will be addicted to it in no time! There are many different things you can do to change the game settings. For example, you can change the music. You can also change the level you are on yourself, although I wouldn't recommend doing it until after you have become a very good player. There also many game modes you can play in, like 40 Lines, on which you have to get 40 lines without your blocks hitting the top, Marathon, on which you just keep going and going and going until your blocks hit the top, or Ultra, where you see how good you can do, except you only have 3 minutes to do so. The computer also keeps track of your best records and displays them when you are choosing your level. Tetris DX is an absolutely terrific game! I would recommend it to anybody! You'll have a lot of fun playing it. Thank you for reading my review. I hope it helped.
TETRIS is a videogame that needs no introduction.  You probably know how to play it, and if you don't, I'm sure there's some sort of free online download that'll get you started.What makes TETRIS DX my personal favorite of all the iterations is that it gets the extra details just right.  The music is solid, and while I prefer the NES version's tracks, this version's music is pretty good.The colors are beautiful.  The game changes backgrounds as you advance in the game.  I strongly recommend a Game Boy Advance SP, because seeing this game nowadays is trickier than it used to be.  (That bloody DS has spoiled us!)The sound effects on the gaming board never grow old.  That might not seem important, but since you're gonna be rotating pieces and forming lines and Tetris-es non-stop, you'll be grateful.The post-game rocket launches (there are about 7, the higher score the more elaborate the launch) are nice additions.  What's pretty funny is that with the exception of the best spaceship launch, all the others fail for silly reasons.  The weakest one gets distracted by a bird, and just flies off the left side of the screen!There are 3 save game slots, and a Guest file.  So, all your hard work will never be erased.  I think even a Guest's high scores will be saved, as long as it topples the saved files.  But in any event, this is a very user-friendly game.There are 4 modes of gameplay.  "Classic" is your traditional game of TETRIS.  "Ultra" is the same as "Classic", but the gaming board is shorter.  "40 Lines" is just trying to clear 40 lines as fast as possible, with some obstacle pieces thrown in.  Aside from the regular "Classic" mode, "VS.COM" is my favorite, because when facing an offscreen opponent on Hard difficulty, you better bring your A-game.  "Classic" and "VS" are endlessly fun, while the other two features are decent additions.Unfortunately, you will need some old-school Game Boy link cables to play with 2 human people.  If competition against live opponents is what you crave, then getting TETRIS DS or the console versions is the way to go.But if you're a solo player, I believe TETRIS DX is the absolute best.  The game just has a smooth flow to it.  I loved the DS version, but hated that the Classic mode stopped after 200 lines.  Because of the DS version's other unique features, that's also well worth your time and money.It's also worth mentioning that even though this game is advertised as a Game Boy Color, it'll play just fine the old-school Game Boy.  I'm not sure about the Game Boy Advance units, though.TETRIS DX is easily the best choice if you're looking for old-school TETRIS with the best available presentation "AND" limitless single-player gaming.  Grab a Game Boy, and have some fun.  It won't cost much.
Wow...the only Game Boy games that even come close to this are probably Mario Golf and Super Mario Bros. DX. The game starts off when you wake up in a bed on Koholint Island, and you must recover your sword and shield. Once you go down to the shore and pick up your sword, an owl tells you that you must wake the Wind Fish, but in order to do that, you need the eight Instruments of the Sirens from the eight levels(Tail Cave, Bottle Grotto, Key Cavern, Angler's Tunnel, Catfish's Maw, Face Shrine, Eagle's Tower, Turtle Rock). In these levels, you pick up a good variety of items. You get the Roc's Feather for jumping, The Power Braclet for picking up rocks, the Pegasus Boots for running really fast, the Flippers for swimming, the Hookshot for clearing long gaps, a more powerful Power Bracelet, a Mirror Shield for reflecting beams, and the Magic Rod for melting ice! But some of these levels have keys, and to get the Slime Key(Level 3) and the Angler Key, you will be running crazy, all across the island. Along with that are other side missions. There is a trading game through the entire game which will lead you getting the Magnifying Lens, and with which you can see a man on the shore, who will trade you whatever is in your B button(Use the shovel) for a fine Boomerang. There are also a good deal of Secret Seashells, and if you get 20, you can get the Level 2 Sword, which can shoot beams at full power! You also get a couple friends along the way. For getting into the second level, you get to walk Bowwow, the big Chain Chomp that lives next to Marin and Tarin. He will eat the poisonous plants in front of the entrance. You can also revive the Flying Rooster, a rooster that you pick up for full flight, so you can get the Bird Key. But never forget the main mission: Wake the Wind Fish. For he is not the only one inside the egg...
The first game of the Zelda series that is made for Gameboy Color, The Legend of Zelda: Links Awakening DX is one of the most memberable Zelda games.  This time, Link doesn't have to save the world, but rather himself!  While Link is sailing on the ocean, his boat is struck by a lightning bolt, causing his ship to wreck.Tossed about in the water, he lands on an island. But since he has landed on the island, all he can think of is getting off of it! But the only way he can is to awake the Wind Fish by obtaining all the instruments of the Sirens.  This game has an excellent game play, and story-line! It is worth every penny!
Link's Awakening is probably the best Gameboy version of Zelda ever. Although, that is left to ones' opinion....It is in my opinion, however, to be.The game begins with Link waking up in a hut. He is told by the locals that to leave and go back to Hyrule, he must awaken the Wind Fish. It lives inside an egg on top of a nearby mountain and can only be lulled from its' sleep by playing eight magical instruments. You spend your time trying to round up these eight instrumants but, in order to do so, you have to endure varying types of puzzles, traps and enemies. Each puzzle you're faced with has a logical solution, and you'll only come across a few situations that will require you to leave and get new items from the outside. Koholint Island, is big(by Gameboy standards anyhow) - even more so when you consider the hidden underground passageways, dungeons, and waterways so you'll have plenty of exploring to do with alot of secrets to uncover.  You'll definitely spend countless hours playing this game.Gameboy Color/Gameboy Advance owners are granted access to an all-new exclusive dungeon(although it isn't required or necessary to complete the game) plus those with a Gameboy printer get a photo scrapbook of Link's adventures that you can copy...hence the DX(deluxe) added at the end of the title of this version.This is one classic that shouldn't be missed. If you've played any of the other Legend of Zelda games, you owe it to yourself to check it out. You don't know what you're missing.
I have to say that although this game does not include Gannon or Zelda... It is one of my favorite Zelda games. I love the story line, I feel like you get to know the characters much better. It's like playing a book which is how Zelda games, the good ones, tend to feel to me. It carries a message too....I don't wish to spoil it but I will hint that link is in a land of dreams plagued by nightmares. Of the game boy Zelda games,  I would recommend this one the most along with minish cap. Even though this is an older one and 2d it still feels more like a 3d one because it pulls you in. It's not too hard but it is a fair challenge (nothing like the originals) and it could be confusing if you don't know anything about Zelda but....for maybe a second Zelda game this is a good choice.
This game is the best game I've ever played for GB.  I have the original version, not DX.  (If you don't know the difference, DX is in color, but the original is in shades of grey.  (I guess there are a couple additions in the DX game.  But I repeat, ONLY a COUPLE.))  But, it's still pretty much the same concept. There are plenty of puzzles to keep you thinking, and tons of items.  The bosses are pretty hard, and they're a puzzle themselves; you need to find out what method and item you need to use against them.  Graphics are good (remember I'm playing the original); they are not exceptional, but good enough that you can clearly see what things are, and there is a lot of detail.  The sound is good also; you don't get bogged down in too many sounds at once, but you can hear everything that goes on.  If you like action games, this is good for you; but you're going to have to think, so stay away if you don't like puzzles.  PUZZLES!  Wow, there sure are a lot of them.  Some of them are extremely difficult, and just when you think you're going to give up, or cheat off of a walkthrough, you figure it out!  Hence, it's not impossible, just difficult.  Well, RPG players, have a nice feast!
I still occasionally start a new game on this game just because I like playing it over and over again.  I still cannot believe how much they put into a simple game boy cartridge.  I mean this game is HUGE.  There are 8 dungeons, a long &quot;trading&quot; sidequest, lots of heart pieces to collect, 20+ sea shells (you only need 20 for the &quot;special&quot; prize, I'll leave that up to you), and lots of mini-quests you must complete before you even enter some dungeons.  The story is simple but gets the point across and the graphics are optimized with the Game Boy Color.  If you haven't played this game, you're missing out, especially if you're a fan of the Zelda games and/or the game boy.  Trust me on this one.  I still remember when I first got the black/white version 5 or so years ago and it took me an hour to figure out you could use your shield on the spikey guys, lol.  The game's bosses can actually be challenging sometimes which is something I see less and less of nowadays.  Once again, buy this game.
oh my goodness this is a speciality of y son that he likes immensely, very enjoyable and you can get involved in the story by watching.
Ever since I played Ocarina of Time (the best game ever That has won many top ten lists) I have been a devoted zelda fan. I set of to play them all. So even though this is considered an old rusty title I was set on playing it. Now of the Zelda titles this is one of the better ones. This game contains quality,and very few modern games are this good.If you are curious This is my third favorite game just behind Ocarina of Time and A Link to the past. If you want a good title skip those DS games and get a copy of this.This game is old so the music and graphics aren't top notch but i still enjoyed them. It has an amazing soundtrack! I never got tired of the over world theme, and the rest is memorial too. The graphics aren't anything special but any well colored game is fine by me.The fighting/dungeons were ok. They had challenge but actually I didn't find them amazing. The over world was a real treat. It was well made and fun to explore. This is were the real quality comes in.I have seen better characters and storys, but you can't help thinking fondly of this game's story/character. It left a mark and I will always remember them/it. It is hard to explain.I can see wy this has been a favorite for many gamers for over a century. It was well make, well liked and if you haven't already play it.!max stars! (more than five).
If you get into this game, it will provide you with many many hours of fun and challenges.  However, as with many roleplaying games, if you get to a part where you're stuck, you may be tempted to just quit.  However, there's so much good stuff in this game that I hope you won't - go find one of the  FAQs or walkthroughs on the web to help you out.If you're familiar with  the Pokemon game, this is similar, but you have to fight any bad guys  (instead of relying on your Pokemon to do it)!  This requires a bit of  dexterity (something you didn't really need for Pokemon), and also some  fast thinking.There are a variety of puzzles in the games, including  boss monsters with specific weaknesses, areas to get through that require  some fancy footwork, rock-pushing puzzles, and the usual role-playing game  puzzles of figuring out what to do with some of the items you find.It's  easy in spots, but challenging enough at many points to really keep your  interest.The color enhancements to the original game are nice, and the  music is varied and pleasant.A couple of hints for you - after you get  the boots, try charging at the walls in the library.  Also, if you get the  bow, and equip with the bow and with bombs, you can shoot a &quot;bomb  arrow&quot; by pressing both buttons at once.  It'll be like a normal  arrow, but it will explode on impact.
This game is totally awesome. Very advanced, wide variety of items, enemies, and places. Excellent graphics, even for Gameboy. A very challenging adventure is in this cartridge, and its tons of fun! Play it on a Gameboy Color and you can go to a secret dungeon! Its like a normal labryinth, and instead of getting an instrument, you get red clothes which doubles your offense permanently, or blue clothes, which doubles your defense permanently (my personal choice). Superb game! Excellent adventure.
With The Minish Cap coming out soon, and looking to be another disappointment (I will reserve final judgment until I actually play it, but it has a definite Wind Waker vibe), the handheld gamer would do well to revisit this classic. The gameplay is incredible and compelling and the story is perhaps the best in the series; the only two faults with this game are minor for any true gamer. The graphics aren't very good; the sprites are simply poorer-quality A Link to the Past sprites oftentimes, but the game is so good one will hardly notice. The sound effects are pretty poor, but, thankfully, there's always the music to compensate for that...and what good music.It feels like ALttP, looks like it, plays like it, and is second only to that excellent SNES game.
This RPG (Role-Playing Game) is pretty easy to play and lasts a long time.  To play, you simply asign a weapon, such as a sword or the hook shot, to A or B.  The battle sequences are very good for a 2-D system and allow fun battles.  It's often hard to find out what to do, but usually isn't frustratingly difficult.  Many secrets are available which, while unnecessary, make it easier and make it last longer.  I recommend this game for all people.
Before Game Boy Advance, there was Game Boy.  On Game Boy, there was Link's Awakening.  The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening was the best game for Game Boy at the time, and still remains much more than a simple piece of nostalgia.  Will Link's Awakening's graphics turn you off?  They are still crisp today, and the color version should alleviate some of the dated aspects of LA's graphics, but don't expect 32-bit goodness that we might see in a GBA Zelda game.  The sound is traditional Zelda fare with some now-classic tunes; this was the game that introduced the now popular &quot;instrument&quot; item that does neat stuff for you.Make no mistake about it - Link's Awakening is a great game, a force to be reckoned with, and a savior for kids on long car trips.  The puzzles in this game were particularly good, the storyline was new and refreshing, and the game was really fun.  Replay value is high even though you will face the same dungeon challenges, but one time through this game might be enough since its length is decent even by today's standards.  If you don't own a GBA, definitely buy this game.  If you own a GBA..  definitely buy this game anyway.  Play it and love it.This review refers to the DX version that was released on Game Boy Color, but it is not worth owning independently of the original game boy version.  Certainly, if buying this game today, get the DX version.  If you just really love Link's Awakening, don't overkill it - owning both is just silly.
Besides this again being a re-purchased item and a older game; it was fun to play again despite horrible older graphics.
If you overlook this game because you think it is &quot;kiddie&quot; then you are missing out on a great RPG adventure. Go ahead, bite the bullet and play.
Awesome classic.  Nintendo made one great game here, I hope kids these days will still play the oldies.
We probably all know about the hype that Pokemon (Pocket Monsters) has received about 7 years ago. It started off as a game that originated in Japan around 1995-1996, and it was introduced to the United States in 1998. A TV show and a trading card series followed. Plush Pikachu dolls were everywhere. I was a big fan of this fad, and I was only in the 5th grade (late 1999) when I purchased this game and strapped in for the time of my life.This is the "blue version" of the original Game Boy series. Just like in the Red Version, there are Pokemon that cannot be captured (Ekans, Magmar, Scyther, Growlith and Mankey just to name a few), and a trade cable will be required to fulfill "catching them all", but here's a little lowdown and some advice to some starters of this game:You are given one out of three Pokemon to start out with (Bulbasaur, Charmander, Squirtle), and note that your first trainer is Brock, who uses the rock type. I recommend you choose Squirtle if you want to take it easy at first, because it learns Bubble at level 8. Bulbasaur is also a good choice, but it doesn't learn Vine Whip until level 13. (I'm explaining the best moves to defeat Brock's Pokemon.) Charmander is not a good bet, but good for a challenge. When you get to Pewter City, however, don't rush to battle Brock until you feel like you are prepared. Metapod and Kakuna give out a lot of experience points so that leveling is easier, and if you catch a Caterpie/Metapod and raise it to a level 12 Butterfree, it can also help defeat Brock as well (with its Confusion skill).If you're familiar with the later games of this series, you'll realize a lot of differences. You can hold only 20 different types of items at a time (including PokeBalls and Key Items). And you gotta love the cheesy Pokemon graphics!Despite some flaws that haven't been perfected until the later games of the series, this is still a classic game.And I'm not a big fan of RPG style games, but this is the easiest and less stressful of them in my opinion. Recommended.
Purchased for my son. He used birthday money to buy an old gameboy color and wanted Pokemon for it. None of the local stores has a used game in stock with a good battery. This had a new battery installed and works great.
I Love This Game.There's Tons Of Weird Creatures Called Pokemon To Catch And A Lot Of Things To Do As Well.The Really Nice Thing About Pokemon Blue Is The Fact That Blastoise Has Really  Cool Moves.This Is A Game That Anyone Who Owns A Game Boy Should Own. Ya Gotta Get This Game It's So Good.
Pokemon was immensely popular in the late 1990s to early 2000s, and still has quite a fan base here in the new decade. Pokemon Blue, along with Red, was a remarkable feat that blended fun, as well as underlying lessons for many kids. As daunting as the task is, Ash Ketchum must show that he is the Pokemon master and the better of the two, when face to face with Gary Oak, his nemesis. During your journey, you'll encounter Gym masters, fun places to explore, new Pokemon, and much more. A truly fun and epic adventure.This game has many underlying lessons like:* Cities with different colors - many of which I didn't know existed - like lavender, saffron, and indigo.* Exploration - the idea of getting used to trying new things and ultimately carefully looking everywhere to find what needs to be found* Pokemon names - the many pokemon names were cleverly named to highlight its characteristics, like Mime, Diglett, Bulbasaur, Starmie, ditto, Drowzee, etc. My vocabulary expanded and I learned so much. The Pokemon alone are so immensely helpful in making words make sense.* Perseverance - when you lose the battle, it's simple: you just come back and try again until you achieve the mission or catch the Pokemon you want. It's immediately built into the psyche of the gamer. The game makes Ash Ketchum such a relateable and likeable character.The subtle educational aspect of this game is astounding and I'm very glad that I was one of the kids in my day playing Pokemon Blue.
The original and best Pokemon game in the series in my opinion. Collect all of the original Pokemon to become a master!
It has always been a habit for children to exhibit and swap their card/sticker/toy collections with their friends in school. The premise of Pokemon -to collect and train pokemon - was the perfect fertile growing field to exploit this fascination children had with collecting things. The first exploit was the TV show, where the characters in the videogame were rendered onto the TV screen. When that became popular enough, the creators rendered the full 150 Pokemon into thousands of different incarnations. Pokemon T-shirts, teddybears, actionfigures, trading cards, stickers, watches etc were all created under the slogan: 'you've gotta catch 'em all'... Parents had a rotten time, that's for sure. And it was this capitalistic, persistent, and continuous explotation of the pokemon name which made the name synonymous with childrens toys. The pokemon legacy was ruined by this exploitation, and the videgame was largely discredited as a childrens fad. But before the TV show, the toys, the trading cards, etc..the game stood pure and unspoilt by the impending pokemon-craze which was about to accompany it. Everybody loved the game. Pokemon was revered.In the game you play as Ash, whose one single ambition is to become the greatest Pokemon trainer in the world. To do so you must collect pokemon and train them in battle.  To catch Pokemon you need to engage in combat with wild Pokemon (wild animals). You choose which of your Pokemon is suitable for the fight and deminish the wild pokemon's strengh little by little untill it becomes weak enough to be captured. Once caught, the wild pokemon will become loyal and obedient. There's no 'set in stone' rule when it comes to catching Pokemon, if you fancy the look of a Pokemon, then you capture it.  Wild Pokemon are scattered throughout the game and you can catch them at any time.To complete the game, you must collect all eight gym badges. Gym badges are given to those who defeat gym owners. Gym owners are professional Pokemon trainers who are hardened by battle experience, and thus, much harder to defeat than normal Pokemon trainers. It takes a long time to collect the badges, because the gyms are sporodically spread throughout the game.  Between collecting badges and training Pokemon, you will encounter many RPG elements in the game, puzzles, dungeons, items, etc...  The game is huge and difficult and can take over 25 hours to complete. It certainly exceeds the expectations of a game merely designed to kill time on a long coach trip, which was what the GB was created for in the first place. Taking into account that the GB is a very primitive console, the kind of experience Pokemon offers exceeds all prior benchmarks in handheld gaming. It's an edifying experience.Not only is it the best GB game, it is one of the best overall games ever.
the game came in good condition and works properly. Its a great game that has an incredible replay value which I appreciate.
Pokemon Blue is a great game. This is the game that first got me totally into Pokemon. This game is fun and interesting. You can play this game for a long time. This game doesn't really end. There's always something else to do. In this game you are a guy (in Crystal, they give you a choice! Then I actually can quit naming a guy a girl's name!) who catches, raises, and battles Pokemon, which are like animals. Pokemon Blue is a really fun game. Play Pokemon Blue. You'll be totally into Pokemon. I really highly recommend Pokemon Blue (and everything else Pokemon. Pokemon ROCKS!).
It was great re-living some of my childhood days when playing this game. It actually was kind of challenging trying to remember where to go and how to beat it all over again.
Intro: I had Pokemon Blue ever since it was released but lost my copy ever since. I had the other two US Pokemon releases (Red and Yellow) and wanted to complete the trilogy again so I searched and found one adequately priced and bought it. (Luckily no problems with it.)Plot: Anyone who's played knows it, but for those of you who don't. The plot is simple, you, the protagonist embark on a quest to get all 8 gym badges, challenge the elite four, and become a Pokemon Master. Standard vague RPG story-line. I was able to grasp it when I was 7, so I assume it shouldn't be too hard to follow. If you manage to get lost you can find an online guide pretty easy now.Game-play:Game-play is simple turn based fighting. One person goes at a time. Pretty normal for an RPG. Players could do team fighters where a max of 6 Pokemon can be used a match, the first to K.O. all of their opponents Pokemon wins. During battle you can attack, switch Pokemon, or use items. (Run is a forth option if you're grinding away and training.)Graphics:Very out dated now, but was good when the game came out.Sound:Like the graphics out dated, but good for when the game came out.Overall:If you're a Pokemon collector or re-buying a copy like I did to replace a lost one you can't go wrong with it.
This game started it all.  Maybe thats enough to convince you to buy it- the fact it is the first pokemon game, and you want to see what it was like.  If it is not- then please read on, and learn why to buy it.First off- this was the first ENGLISH pokemon game.  The original pokemon games were in Japan- pokemon green and pokemon red (not the us version).  They had different sprites for the pokemon, and they were pretty rough.  When they came over here, pokemon blue had already been released in Japan, which was a smoother revised version of the first 2.  Thats where the name blue came from.The graphics?  8 bit.  They arent amazing or anything like that- but its classic, like the first mario.  The graphics arent why you play.  Its fun and original.  Thats why you play it.  The Kanto story is basically a trainer who choses from bulbasaur, squirtle, or charmander and journeys around Kanto to become a pokemon master, and ends up stopping team rocket in the proccess.  After you beat the champion, you can try to catch the legendary pokemon Mewtwo and the legendary birds if you havnt already done so.  You can try to get Missingno, the infamous glitch pokemon- but theres not much to do.  As far as replay value goes, theres a large amount of it.  Different things can be done, and will greatly alter the outcome of the final battle.If you want a nice, pretty version of this game then go with fire red or leaf green, the remakes.  If you want a classic, then go with this.  Also, the music is better in this game than the remakes.
I first played this game when I was in 5th grade. I instantly fell in love with the simple, yet powerfully captivating quest. This, along with the N64 console and Age of Empires were the heart and soul of my 90's game experience. Pokemon may have evolved over the years, but this is well and truly where it all began.
one of the biggest time wasters of my child hood. I have not replayed this since I bought it, so I'm not 100% it holds up to time...
Pokemon Blue is a fabulous game with a very original plot, and two main objectives. It starts off with you, in your house, and you're ready to start your adventure with Pokemon, creatures that you catch and raise. You try to leave town, but Professor Oak (a Pokemon expert) stops you and brings you to his lab. There, he has you choose one of three Pokemon. This is a very important choice. I'll evaluate each one for you:BULBASAUR: A strong grass type Pokemon. The first two gym leaders are extremely vulnerable to his type, so he is undoubtedly a good choice. He also has a secondary type of poison, which can be a helpful feature. I highly recommend him if you are new to this game.SQUIRTLE: A very strong water Pokemon. He is very good against the first gym leader, but not the second. He is my personal choice. Squirtle is the moderate choice. He's for either for experienced players who don't want Charmander, beginner players who don't want Bulbasaur, or people who's skill is in between easy and experienced. Ice moves can also be taught to him, which can be an advantage.CHARMANDER: An exceptionally powerful fire Pokemon. He is not very good against the first gym leader, and terrible against the second. He seems to be the most popular choice, although he is the most difficult to train. He does become the best of the three in final form, because he obtains a secondary type of flying.From there, you must catch more Pokemon. You need a party of Pokemon (you can have up to 6) and you raise them, moving from town to town, gaining experience, fighting trainers, obtaining items, and catching new Pokemon. The other objective is to catch all the Pokemon (150 in Red &amp; Blue.) Some are easy to catch, some difficult, and some you must trade from Red. You see, the only diffrence between Red &amp; Blue is the distribution of Pokemon (11 diffrent in each version.) Some only in Red, some only in Blue. You must use a link cable between two versions. With the link cable, you can also battle the other person (but you won't gain experience.) That's a part of the game.I hope you found this helpful. Good luck on your game!
It's kind of strange how I manged to get into Pokemon, but here's how it all began: One day, during a Science class, a friend of mine and I were going around our elementary school yard and picking up trash and Tootsie Roll wrappers. The actual goal was as many Tootsie Roll wrappers we each got, that was how many Tootsie Rolls we would get. Anyway, I found a stray Ponyta Pokemon Card in one part of the yard, and my friend found a Dark Charmeleon. My friend said, "I'll trade you my Dark Charmeleon for your Ponyta if you want". Well, personally, I didn't want to, I wanted to add this card and start a collection, but my friend's Dark Charmeleon did look sort of cool at the time. I finally gave in and said, "well, why not?" So we traded. A few days later, we started acting out some of the episodes at recess (I'd never seen the episodes at the time). My friend was basically making up his own little stories... never mind the episodes that were on TV. Later on, my liking for Pokemon grew when my friend decided to bring his Game Boy Color to school, AND his Pokemon Red Version. I thought to myself, hmmm... this could be interesting. I asked him what he was playing and if I could watch him play it. he said, "sure you can watch." I didn't get to see much of the game because we weren't outside for recess that long. Then, I decided I wanted to get my own version of Pokemon Red. I asked my mom and she said I could. So I did. I got the game (almost 7 years later and I still haven't beaten it) and I ended up loving it. So, in conclusion, I'm eighteen and a half years old, a junior at Grafton High School, and I still love Pokemon (the games more than the episodes), but one thing has changed... my friend and I don't do "reenactments" of our favorite episodes anymore like we used to. I really recommend this game.
One word: PLAYBACK. My sister first owned this game in 1998, and since then I have owned MANY Pok&eacute;mon games for both Game Boy Color and N64. And let me tell you, the original is always the best! Pok&eacute;mon Red and Blue are the best games ever created for Game Boy Color! I still love these games, trading Pok&eacute;mon, and battling other people with the Link Cable!First of all, people of any age can enjoy this game. It is cute and innocent enough to entertain children, but the strategy and the level of gameplay make it a worthwhile game for adults. Everyone will love this game.You start out as a trainer named Ash Ketchum from Pallet Town. Your mission is to become a Pok&eacute;mon Master by catching 150 Pok&eacute;mon (151 if you count Mew) and becoming the champion of the Elite Four. To do this, you must train and catch Pok&eacute;mon, raise them, and even trade them between Red and Blue versions using your Link Cable or the infrared port on your Game Boy Color. This is both fun and time-consuming, which is great when you are at home sick or bored on a stormy day. Pok&eacute;mon are raised by winning battles and/or using Rare Candy. Raising Pok&eacute;mon may sound tedious, but you will change your mind about that when you actually play for yourself. Pok&eacute;mon is addictive from the moment you start your game all the way through. You will meet many new people on the way, become a hero, and win new items and abilities as you go along.As Ash, you travel through the world of Kanto, which is divided into a number of cities and towns. A map will be your guide as you make your way through the vast world of Pok&eacute;mon. Explore caves, oceans, tall grass, and rocky paths on your way. Each town or city usually has its own Pok&eacute;mon Gym, with a Gym Leader which is something like a Boss. Each time you beat a Gym Leader you receive a badge. You need eight badges to battle the Elite Four and the current Elite Four Champion. There are different diversions in each city and town, for example, Celadon City's department store and casino, and one of my personal favorites, Fuschia City's Safari Zone.Trainers can be found everywhere, good and bad, from Team Rocket invading the radio station, to the gyms, in the water, on the road, and pretty much anywhere you go. Random Pok&eacute;mon appear and battle you if you are in a cave, tall grass, or in the water. The wild Pok&eacute;mon you come across are the ones that you can catch if you have Pok&eacute;balls with you. Items such as the bike and repel can help prevent you from running into too many Pok&eacute;mon if you are trying to get somewhere. If your Pok&eacute;mon are tired or injured, you can stop at a Pok&eacute;mon center and heal them for free! You can also store Pok&eacute;mon via a computer terminal located within every Pok&eacute;mon Center.The music is so cute! And there is a lot of different music, so it doesn't get repetitive.If you are lucky enough to own Pok&eacute;mon Stadium, you can play Red or Blue on your TV screen using a Transfer Pak! You can also use the Pok&eacute;mon you raised on your Red or Blue game to battle in Pok&eacute;mon Stadium.Overall, this is one of the best games I have ever played. It is still fun after years of gameplay, as you never fully run out of stuff to do. If you want to get into Pok&eacute;mon, or if you're an old fan that never quite got around to getting the game, this is the game for you! Pok&eacute;maniacs rule!
My kids and I all love the Pokemon Gameboys (the three of us each have our own Gameboy). The red Pokemon game is very similar to the blue, with the Yellow having some slight differences.I like the way the Pokemon game  challenges kids. I suggest also buying one of the books which shows the  various routes and places. This allows kids to work at the tasks without  getting frustrated.The idea is to start at Prof. Oak's house, get your  first Pokemon from him, and then journey all around the land of Pokemon,  collecting various wild pokemon (which you catch by battling them until  they faint), and doing battle with other trainers along the way.In the  process, kids learn to manuever through mazes of increasing complexity  (which is why the manuals are a help), to gather and use items, and to  develop strategies for fighting various types of Pokemon. My five year-old  even started to read while using her Gameboy, from needing to know which  items she had with her (in her Item List)!All in all these are great  games which can be played over and over (although only one game at a time  can be saved), and which will provide your kids with hundreds of hours of  fun.
thanks you i love Pokemon games and fun games so big fans Pokemon that why i buy them you know thanks you :).
Originality 10/10 Unlike nearly all other RPG franchises, this is 100% original!Graphics 9+/10 Some Pokemon look better than others.Music 9.5+/10 The music is very good.Replay value 10/10 Even if you get through this game in hours, you may have more to do.Pokemon Red sold 4.83 million in the United States, so this qualifies as an underrated game, due to selling under 5 million units. If you want to buy the best Game Boy game ever, this is where you will find it. ABSOLUTELY NO EXCEPTIONS! This should have gotten a "Game Of The Year" reward or two, but this (near) perfect masterpiece NEVER got it. A true Pokemon fan has this gem in his/her collection. However, one thing. Some of these might be worn out (discolored label, multiple scratches on the back, etc.) due to being so great of a game. Don't say I didn't warn you.
You love it. I love it. You're probably just getting this because you lost your original or it's died out on you. Either way you need to buy it and re-love it all over again.
Beyond and above all the hype surrounding the 'Pokemon' phenomenon, the fact remains that the game at the centre of it all is extremely good fun.  Think of the 'Final Fantasy' games, but without the boring plot bits, and  you have 'Pokemon' - an approachable RPG that seems superficially simple,  but has a surprising depth of strategy behind it. From the perspective of a  hard-core, long-time gamer it's heartening to know that something as  popular as this does not require a monster PC with a Voodoo5 (indeed, it  could easily be converted for the Commodore 64), and the never-ending,  open-ended gameplay is a nice homage to 'Elite'. The necessity to buy two  copies of the game to 'complete' it, and the massive marketing blitz  surrounding the core product is somewhat jading, but don't let that detract  from the essential purity of the original.
This game is one of the funest Game Boy Color games ever! 150 pokemon? Wow!!!!!!!!!!! That's alot! Who's cares about graphics in this game,it's still fun! The gameplay and sound is reat as well. If you love this game but want better graphics or more stuff to do,then buy FireRed or LeafGreen Version! They are just as fun! I'd reccomend trying at least one of the versions: Red,Blue,Yellow,Silver,Gold,Cristel,FireRed,LeafGreen or Emerald. Don't get Ruby and Saphire tohugh,they stink.
Why are you reading this? You ALL know how amazing the Pokemon series are. Why be curious? Why complain? They are all part of our childhood. They've been there when technology began enhancing. The Pokeball technology made us believe in the greatness of creativity and virtual reality. They taught us about friendship, achieving goals, patience in gaining more experience to learn better skills, conserving our best skills for the blow that fits best. Why? Why would anyone else rate differently?Dude, Pokemon's awesome. Stop reading this and buy it. Haters can suck on my pokeballs of 600+ Pokemon. I'm a 24 year old female and proud of playing on my NDS, battling pixelated characters, and collecting them while I am on break in my office. #comeatmebro.
It's true that Pokemon is pretty much a passing craze due to (for some odd reason) the invention of TOO MANY POKEMON! However, this game is amazing. The graphics, attack animations, and sounds are very simple compared to later installments of the series, but who cares? At the time, this was like nothing anyone had ever played! The music is extremely catchy, and there are so many things to collect, you'll just find yourself playing for hours. Also, you can trade Pokemon from other people since the Red and Blue versions have Pokemon exclusive to that version. Also, if you feel the need to "catch 'em all," trade starters, or evolve certain Pokemon with a trade. The bottom line: it's a great guilty pleasure and introduced what is now the most faded franchise ever!
I always preferred blue over red I don't know why really but I just love this game the classic pokemon rpg.
I got this game right after getting a game boy advanced for christmas. The game is real easy to learn and play. I can see how this game is so addictive for younger kids. The puzzles are fun, but not difficult. As an adult, it was a fun  way to while away the hours. I played for 100 hours before beating it. The only problem I had with this game is that there was only one save. It made it impossible for anyone else to play the game. In fact, my 2 year old son erased my first game....
The year was 1998.  I was twelve years old, in middle school, and the Pokemon games debuted in the United States for the very first time.  A game so simple and yet at the very same time: So complex.  Nothing was more addictive, nothing was more fun than playing Pokemon.  If you remember the craze (the REAL craze, presently it isn't nearly as strong as it was back then), then you remember what it was like to go to school back in those days.  Suddenly EVERYONE had a Gameboy.  Suddenly even those who didn't normally play games or even know what the hell a Gameboy was, had it.  And you'd go up to your friends and you'd trade Pokemon, you'd taunt each other about who was the better champion when you battled.  You got in arguments over who the best starter was.  Then you learned of those glitches to get all your Pokemon to level 100 by duplicating the Rare Candies.  You caught Missingno and M-Block and caught Safari Zone Pokemon by exploiting what may very well be one of the most widely known glitches in video game history.  And of course, you went to catch them all, and you probably had that ONE friend who you deemed your rival and you had to catch 'em all before he did.  If you remember all this, you're a true Pokemon fan.  This isn't a myth, this game debuted, sold gazillions of copies and started a craze that--while it isn't as strong--still exists today.  This was one of the heights of gaming period.The Red and Blue versions may have seen stateside release in 1998, but the game was actually made in 1995.  Before the television show came around.  When the TV series took off in America, the games came next and as I said, they sold more copies than the latest installment of Harry Potter.  I'm not kidding.Red and Blue began almost everything you currently see in the series today.  The game begins with you naming your character (you couldn't choose between a boy or a girl in this one) and then your rival.  Again, if you had Pokemon fever you probably named your main character Ash and your rival was named Gary (even the strategy guides referred to them as such).  It began with Professor Oak letting you have a Pokemon of your choice (between 3 starters) and then ultimately he'd send you on a journey with a Pokedex and have you document the Pokemon you'd find.  Along the way, you'd have to deal with Team Rocket, the bad guys who are always causing trouble and stealing everyone's Pokemon, as well as gather eight badges so you could challenge the Elite Four and become a Pokemon League Champion.  The entire formula began here, and just about everything mentioned above has been done in each and every main series Pokemon game hereafter.What was perhaps the strangest thing about Pokemon is that the game was surprisingly deep in terms of combat.  It was your traditional turn-based combat.  Simple, yet it was so complex.  For one, the game has a Rock/Paper/Scissors method to it.  Every Pokemon has a type, and every type has its own strengths and weaknesses.  For example, Water is strong up against fire but it is weak vs. Grass.  Grass is weak vs. fire etc. etc.  No Pokemon is invincible.  They all have a weakness to some type.  Though in these versions the psychics definitely have an unfair advantage as the type they're weak against (bug) is almost non-existent and there are hardly any bug type attacks.In the battle menu you're given a list of commands.  Fight, Item, PKMN, or Run.  You can switch Pokemon you've caught in and out of battle on the fly, but it'll usually cost you a turn.  It's the strategic portion of Pokemon that makes battling fun and addictive.  As you go through the game you'll be challenged by trainers and you never know what they'll throw at you!  It's completely unpredictable and some of them are tough.  It's also interesting because with 150 different Pokemon, the amount of teams you can make are endless, and it really makes you think about what types you want in your roster.  Because most of the Pokemon types are weak vs. more than just one type.  It's also important that you give them a variety of moves, as the moves are also typed.  On paper it doesn't seem like much, but when you actually play the game, you'll find a clog in your drain you didn't even know you had because you thought your team was perfect... but then that one Pokemon comes along and exposes your fatal flaw.Pokemon was no short game.  It was full of all sorts of side quests.  From the Safari Zone, to catching the Legendary Birds, to the Unknown Dungeon.  There was plenty to do, and even after the game was over there was STILL more to accomplish.  Of course, your main accomplishment was getting them all.  Pokemon could easily keep you busy for well over 60 hours.  In 1998 this is an amazing feat seeing as how most RPGs of TODAY don't keep you busy that long.  The main quest itself only took a measly 15 hours or so, but all the extra content kept you on your toes.Even more, Pokemon was one of the few Gameboy Games that made excellent use of the link cable.  Since Red and Blue versions had different Pokemon, some only appeared in certain versions.  You couldn't for example, catch a Magmar in the Red version, but you could in Blue.  How then, were Red players supposed to catch all 150?  By trading.  Until Pokemon came around, my link cable was collecting dust.  Trading was usually a slow grueling process, though.  Traded Pokemon also got an experience boost so they were easier to train.Even more exciting than trading, however, was what really made Pokemon a blast to play: Battling.  You and your friends could get together and battle one another!  Test out your Pokemon teams against your friends.  They were, more often not, far better to battle against than the games trainers.  It's always interesting to see who your opponents heavy hitter is.  With your friends it was always interesting.  Imagine how embarrassed you were to say a certain Pokemon sucked only to discover that the trainer actually did a good job training?As far as the game looks and sounds, it didn't really look all that great when it was released in 1998 (it was after all, a game made in 1995).  On the original gameboy it was pretty grainy (but very clear on the Gameboy Pocket) and of course it was black or white (unless you played it on a Super Gameboy or Gameboy Color).  For a Gameboy game, though, it actually wasn't too bad.  It was annoying to watch a Pokemon simply flinch to attack, and some of the animations weren't all that great, but it was to be expected due to the Gameboy's limitations.  The music, however, was fantastic.  The tunes were catchy--particularly the trainer battles and gym leader battles.  The only really annoying thing was the sound effects.  They weren't all that great, and its a shame that Nintendo actually continues to use those exact same sound effects in Pokemon games today.  Still, for what it's worth, this was the game you wanted on the Gameboy.Pokemon is a classic.  It'll always be a classic.  No matter who you are, if you played Pokemon ten years ago, the craze was completely undeniable.  If you got addicted like I did, chances are you're still playing today.  Because in its core, the game was far deeper than you thought it was, and the series continues to use that same basic formula even today.
It's a classic, what's not to love? I bought this as I already had blue, so I could play with my kid brother who is still in this age range and we could trade ( I mean I never actually got all the pokemon back in the day since I had no one to trade with, can't leave a task undone now can we?).
My son is really into Pok&eacute;mon and he loves this game. He is into collecting all the Pok&eacute;mon games he can and loves having added this one.
Pokemon Blue is amazing. It isn't as good as some of the recent Pokemon games, but its still a wonderful game. Not so heavy on plot, your main objective is to catch all 150 of the Pokemon to complete your Pokedex and to stop Team Rocket. Catching Pokemon is not as easy as it sounds. They will fight hard and almost always break the Pokeballs you try to catch them in. It gets addicting after a while though, and soon your team is filled with interesting creatures. It is almost like training a pet, you can teach them special moves to defeat your opponents, and if you use them a lot they will "evolve".Graphics: C-, the Pokemon aren't near as cute or detailed as they are in future versions. The black/white display isn't so fun either.Sound: D, I have never heard worse scores in my life. It is repetitive, dull, and will give a headache in less then 2 minutes.Storyline: B, Nice and short. I couldn't ask for anything better.Fun: A, Even with minor repetition I still find the game to be a blast.Overall, the game is %100 a classic. Buy it or you will never be a true gamer.
star wars episode I the phantom menace is a awesome movie a classic the best of the best the greatest movie in the world george lucas is a god the greatest film director in the world and the phantom menace video game is just as good buy this game if your a huge star wars fan you wont be sorry.
THis game is older yes, but its a great game and for the cheap price its a must have game. But you need an older computer that runs windows XP.
this game is a Classic Star wars Game at first when playing this game i thought it was stupid but then i played it more and found it really quite good the story line is good and i like how you can choose what the characters say sometimes.....i love the podrace levels with jabba the hut those levels are really fun if you are a star wars fan or enjoy good fun get this game.
This is a very Good game. It is so good. You get to play a lot of diffrent characters, like, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Qui-Gon Jinn, Queen Amidala & Captian Panaka. It woyuld be cool if they let you play Jar Jar Binks, but they don't. Oh, weel. Jar jar is one of my Favorite Characters in the film. the best part is you get to battle darth Maul. and it goes along with the movie too. This game rocks. This is a must have game for all star wars fans.If you liked this game then check out all of the other Star wars games.
I've played this game many, many times. But unfortunately, it's one of those games that you will either love or hate, which you can tell by the reviews here and I love it.This game is pretty lengthly, gives you a choice of things to say in response to questions and is overall fun, especially since you get to play the entire movie. I recommend this game to die hard fans, but like I said, don't be surprised if for some reason you don't like it. Some do, some don't. Simple as that.
Everything was in good shape when it arrived. It arrived in a timely manner. It completed my set of Star Wars games for the PSONE. It went well with my set.
I bought this game because I played it before on my PS2. I know the graphics aren't that great but the storyline follows the movie somewhat closely...I am having a blast reminiscing the old times...
Sonic Heroes! Sonic freaking Heroes. Gosh I love this game, I remember loving it as a kid and I still love it now that I'm older and playing it again. I like having four different unique teams  and stories to play and the play style is a lot of fun too. You should definitely get this game if you are a fan of Sonic!
Who does not love someSonic.  Our six year old reallywanted this game and only played it afew times.  Will pick another game toplay instead.  All personal preference.
The kids love it. A 3D twist to the classic sonic series. Some interesting gaming inclusions that often catch you off guard.Recommended.
I have heard many negative things about this game, but I had to try it for myself.I got hooked on it the minute I started playing.The story may be a little sketchy, but it is the gameplay that matters the most right? You still get the same high good-looking jumps and loop-de-loops,but the actual fighting is one of the best parts.You get excellent combo moves and on Team Dark and Sonic a nicely well-done finisher attack.All four teams have a finisher attack,but half of them are stupid. What really caught my eye is the two player battle mode.There is something about knocking a team off a cliff is entertaining to me. I also agreed with some of the other people.Team Rose is corny,and falling off a cliff is way too easy,but over all,this is one of the best and most original games I have ever played.
Sonic Heroes is a lovely platformer.  Lately I have been hearing people saying terrible things about this game, as well as other 3D Sonic platformers.  Here is my message for them: WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE?!  It's true that Sega hasn't exactly perfected the camera system for this game as well as the other Sonic 3D games, but please give Sega some credit for this good platformer.  To start with the good in this game, and there is a lot of it, the voice overs are totally sweet.  I normally don't pay much attention to the voices of the characters, as they little interest me, but this game struck a cord there.  Each voice, matches his or her corresponding character's personality, species, and gender perfectly!  There is no question about it.  The graphics are good, regardless of the very occasional jerky camera, and the video clips and the stories are also some of the best I have seen.  How each story begins, collides with other stories, and ends is masterpiece, and unlike many other games, once you finish a story, you can watch all of the movie clips of that story in the options menu!  The music totally rocks, especially the team themes, and the levels all have a good moral lesson for kids: that you need to work with others as a team!  Speaking of team, this game is very team oriented, the teams are:Team Rose: which consists of Amy Rose, Cream the Rabbit (and, as always, accompanied by Cheese the chao), and Big the Cat.  This team has adventures that are beginner difficulty.  This is good for young children, and getting beginners used to the game.  You may also enjoy this team's cuteness.Team Sonic: this consists of Sonic the Hedgehog, Miles "Tails" Prower, and Knuckles the Echidna.  This team has a journey that is a little harder, normal difficulty to be exact.  This is good for those who want a little more of a challenge, and enjoy the light bantering of this somewhat humorous team.Team Chaotix: the members of this group include Espio the Chameleon, Charmy the Bee, and Vector the Crocodile (who is apparently "The Head Honcho").  This team's adventures have been dubbed "dubious".  The difficulty, in my opinion, varies from easy to hard.  If you like detectives, mystery, and treasure hunting, this team is for you.  Most of their missions consist of finding a certain amount of something (five keys for example).  Not all of them, but most of them.  My last comment on them is: this is easily the most comical team in the game.  I have been set off laughing by a comment from these dudes several times.  You should have fun with them.Team Dark: this team has Shadow the Hedgehog, Rouge the Bat, and Omega (who is an ex-eggman robot).  The mercenaries of this team are shrouded in mystery.  First off, I must comment that it's like a soap opera for children, that they brought Shadow back from his presumed death, and with amnesia included.  This team has hard difficulty, and often makes you go farther in the levels than you would normally have to with other teams.  This group would be extremely boring if it wasn't for Rouge.  Shadow and Omega take things very seriously, which makes Rouges role the person who lightens things up.  It's an interesting contrast of personalities.So, like I stated earlier, I believe it is good for children to see teams of all kinds.  This basically teaches them you can team up with others, no matter how different they are, and work together on a task to make it easier.  Moving on, Sega also brings the special stages to 3D.  That's right, rather than collecting the emeralds in the storyline (like with the Sonic Adventure series) you actually have to collect a key, hightail it out of the level without getting hit, and complete a special stage in order to get a chaos emerald.  Oh, and true to form, the last special stage is once again the hardest.  There is also the "Last Story" that I will not go into detail here, but trust me, get all seven chaos emeralds and access it.  It is definitely worthwhile.  The only flaws I have to list for you is these:1.  Because of all of the team action, each individual lost something move wise.  I am talking about things like Knuckles' gliding and climbing abilities as well as Sonic's somersaulting.  Big no longer fishes like he did in Sonic Adventure, and the flight characters (Tails, Cream, Charmy, and Rouge) cannot fly as long or fast as they originally could.  Which sadly makes sense, seeing as those little things are carrying all of the weight of the rest of their teams.  Their cool team moves make up for most of the lost abilities, but you still have to miss Knuckles' climbing skills in those tight situations.2.  The flight members each have a special attack that they can do alone, but there is little point to them having it, seeing as they are almost never alone.  So your stuck just doing thundershoot.  While powerful, I do believe flying characters lack variety in their abilities.3.  The camera doesn't operate 100% smoothly.  It is slightly better than Sonic Adventure 2:Battle, and doesn't matter much anyway however.4.  There isn't enough variety in the chaotix missions.  It's always either find a certain amount of something, sneak past someone, or get from point A to point B before time runs out.  I guess it would be difficult to make it more than that, but still, the missions lack that "investigative" thing that detectives do.5.  There is no water to swim in.  This isn't exactly a huge problem, but I did enjoy confronting and swimming in bodies of water the other games throw at you.  Here, the only water you get is Seaside Hill and it behaves more like a bottomless pit.  It would have been interesting to see how each team adapted to a swimming pool, and maybe see what funny thing Sonic would have to say.6.  Finally, the zones are not as expansive.  It just puts you on one path and makes you go forward.  The advantage with this is that you can never get lost, but it loses that "go wherever you want to" charm.That's it.  The 2 player mode is also great for those who are interested, and Omochao (a robotic chao) can colorfully guide you through the menus.  This game is well thought, well planned, and well designed.  There is even a zone for pinball fans in Casinopolis so this game has something for absolutely everyone.  GET THIS GAME!  Trust me, you will get hours of enjoyment from it.
This is a very fun game for kids and kid-like adults (like me) who are kind of nostalgic about the good old days playing Sega Genesis and NES, and watching AoStH and Sonic SatAm. This has some old (speed and loop-de-loops) and some new. Graphics are ok. I expect Sonic to be cartoony and I don't understand people who complain about it.I really enjoy the teams feature although I tend to abuse the power characters (ie. Knuckles, Mr. Big the Cat, Omega, and Vector). Each team has 3 members each attributed with either speed, power, or flight. Typically you will be required to use them all in each level. Also certain teams are easier to play than others with Team Rose the easiest.Here is a quick breakdown of the teams:Team Sonic: Sonic, Knuckles, and Tails. Sonic is the speed character, Knuckles is power, and Tails is flight.Team Dark: Shadow (speed), Rouge (flight), and Omega (power).Team Chaotix: Vector (power), Charmy (flight), and Espio (speed).Team Rose: Amy Rose (speed), Cream and Cheese (flight), and Mr. Big (power).
I was hesitant about buying yet another Sonic game.  However, my grandson absolutely loves this game, and honestly I enjoy playing it with him too.  It is very entertaining.
How can Shadow be back!?*SPOILER WARNING*Didn't he die in Sonic Adventure 2: Battle?*SPOILERS OVER*Can someone please explain to me how is it possible for Shadow to be back? Thanks to anyone who helps me. P.S. I just gave it 5 stars because I like Sonic games.
When I first got this game, (my cousins bought that for my birthday) I put it in my PS2 and play it. It's like you gather three of your friends and save the world yadayadayada...Of course I like Shadow for some reason. He's fast.And one fact. Shadow has rocket boosters, so he runs like he's roller skating.The music goes great especially its main theme. Some of the songs I make a MIDI file of it. I'm already done with Rail Canyon.About these AIs. Their good. Especially they were using Team Sonic (after Lost Jungle Zone). Good AI. Their good (seriously).The graphics were great. Word on the street says that voiceovers were poor.I really like Shadow's voice in Japanese and English (seriously).Don't question me about the 6th Paragraph ok?The Special Stages were challenging especially getting the chaos emerald. It's fun to play it with 2player. The First one was easy you just had collect links and race to the finish line. It was just the same thing compared to the other SEGA games which involves Sonic.Team Chaotix is not really my style. Team Dark is really my style because sometimes, I have a destructive mind.Metal Sonic and Hyper Shadow are one of these guys you will face in the stages after Egg Emperor and Final Fortress.Metal Sonic and Hyper Shadow are playable in Shadow the Hedgehog, and I still don't know if you can play as them in this game.
Granted, it feels all wrong playing Sonic with a PS 2 pad, but I know I speak for us all when I say I'd rather have Sega Games this way than not at all.
I have played this game all the way through about 4 times and it never gets old! It's such an entertaining game.  If you don't own this game I would highly recommend it.  The game shipped quickly and there was virtually no damage to the disk or the box.
A very fun game that has to do with teamwork! I don't understand why they didn't make it co op, but it's still fun playing both single and 2-player modes. It's also one of my favorite Sonic character's debut! E-123 Omega! I still think they should have put Mighty in the game, I don't know why they had to kick him out when he's a member of the Chaotix. And shouldn't Knuckles be in Team Chaotix, too? I still think this is better than many of the new Sonic titles, and, although the graphics aren't PS3 amazing, they're good for a PS2 game. The game's good for a Sonic fan at any age, you don't have to be a hardcore video gamer or a Sonic fan to love this game (although I'm both ^_^).
Remember old Sonic on the Megadrive? How it was all about FUN and SPEED, and not the exploration and questing that the latter Dreamcast sequels seemed to have in abundance?Well, Kids, Sonic is back and better than ever and now, thanks to some extremely brave and very, very well-executed gameplay changes, regains his foothold as the best platform hero in the world, bar none :-)Granted, it feels all wrong playing Sonic with a PS 2 pad, but I know I speak for us all when I say I'd rather have Sega Games this way than not at all.Sonic Heroes consists of all the usual levels - Seaside Hill Zone, Casino Nite Zone, etc., but it's in the teamwork where this game excels. Now, instead of just playing as one Hedgehog or one Echidna or one Bat or whatever, you have to employ teamwork across a cast of three characters per level in order to beat the game. There are 4 teams, so 12 playable characters in all - and range from Staples like Team Sonic (Sonic, Knuckles and Tails) to past characters (Rose the Bat, Big the Cat and Espiosa the... purple thing) to downright oddball characters (Charmy the Bee, for instance). On each team, one character is good for speed, one for strength and one for flying, and you do need to make good use of each character to beat the level you're currently playing. Also, the teams are graded in terms of difficulty, so beginners can start with Team Rose and work their way up, frustration-free.This adds a huge sense of fun to the game, as well as keeping the Sonic concept fresh and exciting: hedgehog-runs-along-flat-plane is dull-dull-dull, but for the speed freaks the bonus levels are all about speed, and highly reminiscent of the Bonus Stages from Sonic 2. Similarly excellent is the presentation, as one would expect from a Sega game - there are a wealth of options to be unlocked, like new modes of play, the fabulous CG movies, different voices for the characters etc. - all of which makes for an excellent gaming experience.Thoroughly recommended, this is another feather in Sega's cap and one of my personal favourite Sonic games to date. Enjoy!
THIS SONIC GAME IS ONE OF MY FAVORITES,IT RULES!THIS GAME SADLY ONLY INTRODUCES TWO NEW CHARACTERS,AND THAT'S OMEGGA AND CHOCHOLA.YOU CAN PLAY AS SONIC,TAILS,KNUCKLES,AMY,CREAM,CHEESE,BIG,OMEGGA,SHADOW,ROUGE,VECTOR,CHARMY,ESPIO,SUPER SONIC,SOLAR TAILS AND HYPOR KNUCKLES.EGGMAN,METAL SONIC,CHAOS,FROGGY CHOCHOLA AND A BUNCH OF CHAOS ALSO APPEAR IN THE GAME BUT YOU CAN'T PLAY AS THEM.THE GAME HAS A MULTIPLAYER MODE WITCH IS ALOT OF FUN.
Sonic Heroes will be EXTREMELY AWESOME!!!!!!!!  I haven't played it yet, but I know it will be great, and hopefully the bad camera views from the Adventure series will be vanished.When I say A blast from the past, I mean that Sonic Heroes is one of his old games, blown up into 3D, (New stages, of course...)I can't think of anything else to put!  Just get Sonic Heroes when it comes out cuz IT'TL ROCK!
first off this game is soo not boring it is really fun, second off THERE ARE NO GLICTHES I HAVE  NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH THIS GAME EVER AND THE CAMERA DOES KEEP UP WITH YOU!!!!and third off this game is not hard repeat that sentance ten times i beat it in half a week and got all the bonous stuff and keys and everything i beat it with team sonic team rose team choatix and with team dark witch means it is on hard P.S. the one reviewer who said this game gave his kid nightmares ,HOW THE HECK CAN YOU GET NIHGTMARES FROM A SONIC GAME AND HOW CAN YOU GET SO MAD YOU START TO CRY THAT REALLY PUZZLES ME THE GRAPHICS ARE GREAT TO,OVERALL THIS GAME IS VERRY GOOD.
This game surpassed my already high expectations. When I first played it I was rather skeptical, but it is a very fun game. The levels to do are immense. The characters all have their own unique styles of fighting, and the missions are amazingly fun.TEAMSI'll go a little bit in depth about the special teams you can choose from. First up is Team Sonic, which is Sonic, Knuckles, and Tails. Sonic is good for speed, Knuckles for power, and Tails for flying. Let me just say right now I HATE Tails's voice. Cream's and Charmy's too. Just because they're little kids doesn't mean they need to sound dumb. And how can Sonic be 8?! There is no way. I still think he's at LEAST 17.Team Chaotix: By far my favorite team. I love Vector, he's so awesome. This team is more or less based on certain missions to do, not exactly getting through the stages. You have to find certain things, or defeat a certain number of enemies, or things like that. This team is for people who want something different. HATE Charmy's voice.Team Dark: This is a team for more intermediate players. The levels are a bit longer, and the puzzles are more confusing. But still, it's a fun team to be. The voice acting for them are okay, I just wish Shadow sounded like he did in Shadow the Hedgehog.Team Rose: HATE Cream's voice. These levels are easier and shorter, these are for beginning players and younger players as well. The levels are not hard to figure out, nor are they very long. If you want a challenge, I suggest trying Team Chaotix. I adore Big, but Amy is kind of stupid. The way she obsesses over Sonic is rather creepy, but whatever.All in all, the game is great. I have been playing it and it is so cool. Keep in mind, it does get tiresome if you keep dying and have to start from the same checkpoint over and over, so be sure to hit the checkpoints.By the way, Espio is a chameleon!OVERALL SCOREGameplay: 10/10Voice acting--Knuckles--goodSonic--goodTails--HORRIBLEVector--goodEspio--NICECharmy--HORRIBLEAmy--ehhBig--okayCream---HORRIBLEShadow--ehhRouge--sounds a little like a manE-102 Omega--LOLGraphics: 10/10Overall score: 87/100.
This is the best racing game since Mario kart. The vehicles are cool and you get to play cool characters and go through cool courses. This is a must have racing game.If you liked this game then check out all of the other star wars games.
Of course anyone who owns an N64 wants an epic Star Wars game mixed with the sheer speed of Mario Kart, and this game is the baby from both Lucasarts and Nintendo's endeavors. With the Expansion Pak, Graphics look well rounded and nice to look at, and the track selections throughout the game bring that nostalgic feeling back into the air as you relive your fantasy of being a space cowboy wielding a lightsaber. Perfect for any hardcore race fan or Star Wars geek!
You need the expansion pack-- which isn't that expensive nowadays. If you love racing games than this game is for you. This game is fun and challenging. You go around racing in different planets. Plus you can upgrade your vehicle. For the N64 the graphics are pretty good. You can't really compare it with the newer games. Like I said before, some tracks are really easy while others.. HA.. are hard. I mean really hard.This game is perfect for killing time.
I am no fan of star wars, however, this is a really great game that has gotten a bad rap, because it came with N64 systems. First off the graphics cannot be beaten, everything is extremely detailed from the textures to the fact that every part of the pod racers moves and shutters. This game offers more than one dozen pod racers and drivers, each is unique with unique speeds, skills, traction breaks and so on, each pod racer must be earned though by coming in first for the race where the pod racer is featured. Along the way you pick up "cash" from bets that you come in first, second or third, then you use this cash to buy better parts to your pod racer and pit droids to quickly repair your racer. This is a highly imaginative game complete with three major circuits and a special circuit, in terms of the courses themselves I am a fan of racing games and nothing has ever gotten this amazing, jumps that will take your breath away, ice caverns that try to trick you, anti gravity tubes that will let you fly, swamps that will boggle your mind and speeds to boggle your mind too. The difficulty in the races range from circular to near impossible, with eruptions of fire and snipers shooting at you from high above. For Amazon's price, you need to get this game!
This is the best game I ever played!
I remember playing this game on someone elses N64 before! So I wanted to buy it for mine! I heard people giving this game a lot of false crap. Bragging lies from the pointless haters group that are just in it for the spotlight. I played this game and had lots of fun I even played 2 player against my friend Mark after he tried he said, "This has become my favorite RACING GAME!" OOOH! That says a lot too the backslammers of this product! HAAA!
this was a cool game at the time but n 64 is over and soon xbox 360 will rule all consoles so get an xbox now and then get 360 not some lame playstation that will be a copy of the first xboxsony sucks big time.
This game is about some sort of Boeing Aircraft flying around. The models look really nice. Try it for ten minutes.
When it comes to fighting games I spend most of my time playing with the Street Fighter or Dead or Alive crew, but at times I do get fighting time with the Smash Bros. crew. The fighting mechanics are still awesome and function well, the environments are still cool, the destruciton of your enemies or a friend is still loads of fun. Although this game has likely been forgotten since the launch of its Gamecube sequel, it's still a classic that should not be forgotten by any fighting fan. There's still fun stuff to unlock, like new characters. The only complaint I have against this game is the fact that it feels too easy at times. Still it never gets old to kick the crap out of Jigglypuff and send her flying or Pikachu.
Most N64 games are easy to get sick of but this one, the fun lasts forever. It is so fun to play.
This game is simply amazing, you can't disagree, it is so fun, never repetative because everyday I would invite friends over to my house and we would play for hours and hours. The gameplay is great, if your into Melee it is similar but it takes a while getting use to the controls of the Gamecube. I was a master at this game, I loves it so much, a character I recommend that all beginners should use would be Fox, he is the easiest to use, but he is also very good if you can use him right. Jigglypuff and Ness are not for beginners, but Metronome might be the strongest move in the game. This is a fantastic game, unlock characters, set new records for your vs matches because every match you have goes down into the record column. This is a must have for N64 whether you are 10 or 20! Remember though, play with friends, not by yourself!
This game may be old, but it's still pretty amazing. You can never go wrong with SSB, so stop reading this and buy the game. Just wish they weren't 50 bucks.
Very fun to play as your favorite characters. I still like from this game how tight the gameplay is and how each character "feels" unique. I think in previous incarnations they have gotten a bit of this back, but this game I truely felt different playing Kirby than I did DK.
This was one of my first video games i played.Its addeticing, great graphics for a nintendo 64 game,all the charaters have diffrent moves and abilites.Theres all kind of wepons and POKO BALLS!I have the ps2, and ps3, and i still play this game.And do u no why,BECAUSE THIS GAME IS SO FUN!
If you see this game around Immediatly purchase it on the spot. this game can provide hours and hours of multiplayer fun. (1 player is boring but better than playing multiplayer by lonesome) there a alot of unlockable characters that are pretty cool here tehy are: Captain Falcon from F-zero series, Ness from the rare Earthbound series, Jigglypuff from pokemon, Luigi from the Mario Bros. series, And if you have a gameshark there are cool codes the allow you to be the boss of the Smash Bros. titles, (Master Hand) and you could also be Metal Mario with a Gameshark. cool huh? have fun and train. This isn't one of those titles you can just rent and enjoy you gotta own it for it to be fun.
The N64 had its share of ups and downs, but when it hit up, boy does it hit it. This is the ultimate party game. Invite some friends over, order a pizza, and watch the mayhem unfold. The controls and graphics have aged well, with the colors remaining bright and colorful and the moves still being easy to pull off.The one downside is that the single player mode hasn't aged as well. Unlocking the four hidden characters is pretty simplistic, though it's hard to fault a 14ish year old game for that. This is a fantastic buy for anyone who wants to start up their collection of N64 games or for anyone looking for a great party experience.
Growing up as a Super Smash Brothers fan, I played this game with my brother and sister for hours on end. It is so fun and the gameplay is simple too. Even though this game is older, the graphics are still really really good. In my opinion, this is a must have classic because of its huge impact on the gaming community. Anyone who played this growing up knows how special this game is. And it REALLY is.
THIS GAME IS HILARIOUS! THE DEAL? YOU PLAY AS STUFFED ANIMALS, SHAPED LIKE NINTENDO STARS, OR I should REALLY say is, &quot;Beanie Baby&quot;, and knock the living stuffing out of each other! With little violence and powerful COMEDY, this game should surplus 5 stars, I'D GIVE THIS ONE 1,000 STARS AT LEAST AND BY FAR! This game is meant for fun and not violence! FUN BEAT-EM-UP GAME PLAY AND TEAM MATCHES MAKES THIS GAME HILARIOUS! Sadly, I WANTED TO SEE PIT &quot;KID ICARUS&quot; IN THIS GAME, MAYBE IN THE THIRD INSTALLMENT OF THIS GAME. SUPPORT ME AND GO TO NINTENDO'S web site and ask, ask, ask! PRETTY SOON, THEY'LL COME WITH THE THIRD GAME AND &quot;DAI-BIYESSO, DAI-BIYE!&quot; (FIGHT ON! FIGHT ON!).
I bought a used version of this cartridge after seeing my 3-year old son being hooked with it during a visit to my sister's.You have 8 characters to choose from with 4 additional hidden characters you can release after succeeding in various playing modes at specific difficulty levels.  Each character has its own set of special moves, sounds and taunts.The purpose of the game is to use your character skills and moves to knock off your opponent from the hovering playing field.  Damage to you or to your opponent builds up as you hit him/her.  Some punches or moves give more damage than others and as the damaged builds up, the character turns more vulnerable to being knocked off.There are a few moves that only give damage and other moves are used to specifically knock off your opponent.  This means that you cannot just push buttons at random, it requires a lot of patience and some reflexes to defeat your adversary consistently.The game is extremely simple to learn, yet there are quite a large amount of special moves to master.  You will definitely require all those special moves when playing the most advanced levels or when facing more skilled human opponents.I kind of sticked with Mario when playing, for me it is the most well-rounded character, although I'm sure  that some of the hidden characters are quite versatile as well.I found out that this game can be handicap adjusted, making it fun and fair for all ages and skill levels.This game is definitely more fun in a multi-player scenario, but it is also extremely fun using the computer as an opponent.  You can play a free-for-all match (everyone against everyone) with up to 3 computer (or human) controlled characters, having each one the same or their own unique skill levels.  There is also a Team-Battle, where you team up with a computer or a human to face another human/computer team.One small thing I did noticed was some slow control response in some instances, especially when playing the harder levels; it requires a little patience getting used to it.This game is very easy to learn, extremely addictive, colorful, fun, challenging and funny.  It has dozens of playing options and many cool sounds. It is quite entertaining with lots of clean fun for the whole family.5 stars and 100% recommended.
This game is the best. The only thing I didn't like about this game is that the graphics were not the best. If you're a first time N64 buyer, get this game! It's really fun, and pretty competitive. It is even better when you have friends to play with.
This has to be one of the best games I have ever played. The whole concept of nintendo characters pounding other nintendo characters into oblivion is interesting, and very fun. The Comical and Chaotic feeling of running around and bashing other players of the field in multyplayer fun. You play as one of twelve characters; four of which must be unlocked.  The basic characters are all easy to play with, and relatively popular. They are as follows: Kirby (Kirby), Mario (Mario), Link (Zelda), Samus Aran (Super Metroid), Donkey Kong (Donkey Kong), Fox McCloud (Star Fox), Pikachu (Pokemon), Yoshi (Mario). Most of these should be familiar to the moderate gamer, with the exception of Samus, a popular GB character with Metroid.  There are many items in this game that you can collect to boost progress. You can get a light saber type thing, making an adequate weapon for plasy. You can also get a fire flower (Mario Bros), Pokeball (Pokemon), and ray gun (star fox). You can also get a Star Man, making you invincible, and a hammer, letting you smash other opponents out of the match.The damage and knock out works like this: With each attack landed on an opponent, their damage percentage goes up. The higher the percentage, the farther and faster each player will fly after each hit. Players can fall off the edge of the map, or fly too high and fall into the horizon.  In single player mode, you fight computer controlled characters on many different stages. You earn points based on how well you do (ie how fast you defeat all the enemies) and what you do (ie using the same move the whole stage). Eventually you can fight the master hand, boss of the last stage. Once you beat him, you have the opportinity to unlock hidden characters, Luigi (Mario), Jigglypuff(Pokemon), Ness(EarthBound), and Captain Falcon(FZero Racing). You also try for the highest score.Multiplayer can be more fun. You basically go through a skirmish against 1 to 3 other players, whether controlled by the computer or a human. The items will apply, and you can turn them on or off by playing 50 multiplayer games and unlocking the item switch. After you end the time limit with more points than all other players / if everyone else is out of lives, you get ranked 1st 2nd 3rd or 4th, and the stats of the game are sent into the game stats bank, which you can look over.You can also practice some of the stages of the game, trying for the best time. If you persist in this, you can unlock luigi. It is always good to get practice.Overall, this game deserves a more than five stars. It is very fun, and it provides endless entertainment.
Many well known (and some not so well known)classic Nintendo characters fight it out here.Imagine Mario against Link?IS that possible?Here it is, you can even throw in a Pikachu!.The combat system is easy enough and each character has a blend of moves and taunts.Some characters are good for close rang while others are good at middle ground.The levels branch off from the characters own worlds.Like Link would have a castle roof top to fight on.Yoshi would have a little story book zone and so on.Colors can be changed for the outfits so you can tell who's who if you play as the same character as oneanother.The weapons span out from each of the characters franchises with a Mario fire flower and so on.I can't believe how exspensive this is this is truly a must have.
All of your favorite classic nintendo characters have joined forces to decide who rules the Nintendo World? This awesome fighting game is like Mario and Mortal Kombat together. The great thing is that theres no real violence at all! Mario can perfect his fireball move, Fox McCloud can shoot his laser, Link can throw boomerangs and bombs, while little kirby can suck up players and steal there secret powers. All characters have different special attacks. They can all punch and kick, but they all throw, smash, pound, pummle, blast and burn diffrently. Also, items fall down from the sky that you can use againts your opponents. Pokeballs, (which actually contain several random pokemon that each do different things) swords, hammers, Maximum Tomatoes and fire-flowers all rain down so you can reign over everyone on the field. With an awesome multiplayer option, this is a sure Nintendo Classic. Try this game, you'll fall in love with it fast.
I look forward to playing. All the saves work great no trouble at all. The sticker was torn, but I just took it off and printed out a new one.
Super Smash Bros. for the Nintendo 64 is one of the best games ever made. It includes 8 characters from different Nintendo games. You can chosoe to play with Mario, Luigi, Link, Ness, Kirby, Samus Jigglypuff and Pikachu. The graphics are great and the animations flow smoothly as you play.There are hidden characters and a large variety of arena's from many different Nintendo games to battle in. There are several aweosme modes to play in, including Battle mode, training mode and even a bonus mode! In addition, there are several items you can pick up to fight your opponents an to help restore your health. There are swords, fire flowers, lasers, a magic star wand, red and green shells, tomatoes to restore damage percentage, a super baseball bat and explosive barrels. There are also falling Snorlax's (giant Pokemon) that fall out of the sky and try to land on you.I highly recommend this game to any Nintendo 64 owner. If you own a GameCube look for Super Smash Bros Melee.
Super Smash Brothers... I remember reading in a magazine about this game and thinking, &quot;Finally a game that's going to be a smash!&quot;. A year or so later when I played it for the first time, my hopes were confirmed. This title is one if the best, if not the best, fighting and party game for the N64. Not being much of a Mortal Kombat fan, because of the blood and gore, I was happy to finally see a game that was fun, innovating and bloodless. No, no finishing moves in this game. :-)Super Smash brothers is exactly what the name says, a smash. With 8 available Nintendo stars to choose from at first and 4 hidden away to be unlocked later, this game is a major intrest-getter. Great Nintendo stars are avalaible to fight with such as Pikachu, Link, Kirby, Donkey Kong,etc. and keep the game fun and exciting. There is a hidden level to unlock and secret options to uncover, guaranteeing that you won't want to put the game down till you have them all.As a fun factor and replay value this game definitley rates way over a five. The game supports up to 4-players at once, making it a great party game. All you need is some popcorn, a couple of sodas and a few pillows and the night is made. You can play with computer controlled characters and also as teams, up to three diferent teams at once. The one player game is very fun and challenging too.  SSB contains no blood or gore making it a great title for anyone. Parents will be happy about that matter because I know how some parents don't apreciate blood, gore and guts in a game.The gameplay rates very high also.Gameplay is easy to learn, fast and furious. The action keeps you on your toes and you fingers twitching at the controls.  The levels and graphics are smooth and cool. Sometimes during a 4-player match the game will go into slow-motion for a couple of seconds. Some gamers see this as a problem but I think sometimes it adds to the effect of the game. Also some elements or weapons are in 2-d making thme seem like paper but this does not detract from the game at all. Some levels are cute, like the Yoshi level and the Kirby one, while others have a sort of seriousness to them, Fox's and Link are examples. All the levels have some sort of hazard to them like a plane coming and shooting lasers at you or  a tree blowing you off the screen, adding to the fun and challenge rate. But no matter what level you play on the graphics a clean,very crisp and the levels are very fun.This title is really great for a bunch of friends or just for yourself and is definitley a game that even parents can learn to play. So that makes it in a way a great way to spend time with your kids too. For the kids, this is a great title for new or experienced gamers. This game is worth every penny of what you spend on it.A party bash, a rainy day, you shouldn't stall , it's great for all. :-)  From an owner and gamer, Andrew H. King.
If you own the N64 then you must have this game. The graphics are a bit out dated, but who cares! The game is still great! Even though there are less characters than the newer smash bros this game still brings in the punches. You can play story/one player mode and also play up to 4 people.In one player mode you can either do the story mode or do the challenges. Both are fun! You can set up the difficulties and also set up how many lives you can use.Multiplayer mode is also fun. You have the ability to play in teams or not. Still you can set up the difficulties. PLUS, you can have a time battle or set up how many lives you can use.Though unlike mele you can't plat story mode with 2 players... but that shouldn't be the reason for not getting this game!
This game was fantastic when it came out.  As a kid nothing made me more excited than seeing all of my Nintendo characters in one game fighting it out.  This game shined the most multiplayer where you could play against 3 other people. The only problem with getting this game now is that there are sequels out there that are far superior to this one with even more characters.  If your feeling nostalgic, then get this game.
This Game is Awsome...purely...AWSOME!!!! I has an OK 1 player made but... the multiplayer is just outstanding!! This is a great party game... You just can't stop playing. Personally, DK, Fox, Kirby are my Favorites...btw...if you set the damage in multiplayer to 200%, then hit players 1-3 times using DK's ^+B spcieal move, your opponent will FLY!!! AND I MEAN FLY!!! ;) My Friends hate this move!!! :) Also Fox's \/+B Special move, you can reflect all moves and attacks!!! and Kirby can suck players abilities and fall on them with his \/+B special move like a brick!!! You have to buy this game!! It is the best ever!!
This game is excellent. You can fight all of your favorite Nintendo characters together and have a good time. There is no blood, gore or cursing in the game, and that is what separates this game for all other fighting games. (One reason I don't buy a lot of fighting games is the blood and gore.) I think everyone will have a good time except those people that think games are only good when there is blood and gore. (Read some of the other reviews and you'll see what I mean.) There are so many good things about this game that 1000 words isn't enough. I will tell you the cons instead of wasting time and words. CONS: Hard to get secret characters, Not enough Pokemon Characters, More Characters Should Be In It such as: Turok, Princess Peach, Zelda, Wario, Bowser, Diddy Kong, Dixie Kong, Charmander, Mewtwo, Bomberman, Goemon, Yae, Ebisumaru, Sasuke, Impact, James Bond, and others. Better weapons are needed because some of them are lame (The fan and Shells for example)Other than that, the game is great, and you definitely should buy it!
Super Smash Bros. is one of the first games I bought for the Nintendo 64 and I was not disappointed.The levels are great although they are limited the characters are all obviously awesome and the gameplay is solid.Although Super Smash Bros Melee is obviously better(more stages,more characters,more moves,characters easier to unlock,better levels,better graphics,etc)it is still one of my favorite games.The controls are pretty solid.The CPUs are challenging and its still exciting.I say get this game youll be glad you did.If youre not already a big Smash Bros. fan youll become one.
super smash bros is an incredible game. the graphics are nice and simple the controls are great. this game may not be the best n64 game but it's definitly in the top 10. you can chose all your favorite nintendo characters and they all have unique moves. you start of with 8 characters but when you accomplish certain things you get new characters like luigi and captain falcon. super smash bros appeals to any age(i'm 14 and this is one of my favorite games).there are a good selection of stages with a lot of variety.The object of the game is not to kill the other person but to knok him of the stage far enouph that he won't be able to jump back to the stage.the game has 5 dificulty levels: very easy, easy, normal, hard and very hard. which makes the game more chalenging as you get better.there are also 24 mimi games or bonus stages you can play without having to play a i player game. each character has 2 different bonus stages.the part where the game really eccels is the multi player mode which is so incredibly fun. there is no game that equls super smash brothers as a multiplayer game.overall this is a great game and a must in every n64 game librarie.
Its awesome the way you fight and if you get enough wins you get NESS-the best character ever! NESS is from the ultra-rare Super Nintendo game,EarthBound!(i actually own both) While I am writing this i am listening to earthbound music. IT RULES ALL COMBAT GAMES! NOW CLASH EM'!
This is a great game, one of the best for the system. It's certainly innovative when it comes to fighting games. There's no button mashing or crazy combos in this game, just simple B, A and control stick combos. In a way this is good; its not as complicated, and easy to get started. But it's also bad; there's a limited number of moves.Also, some characters are really useless. Jigglypuff? One Pokemon was enough, but this is even a crapified version of Kirby. Which takes me to number two. Kirby. I like the character an the developers had teh right idea, but hes too strong. Playing against aKirby gets really cheap...I'm sure some of you know what I mean. His brick can protect him from about anything!There's only 9 stages...a few of which are really bad like Kirby's, and the Pokemon one's not too great either. But there's good ones also like Hyrule, Fox, Mario and the Donkey. Then there's the nostalgic ones.This game is great, especially because of its small learning curve and awesome replay value(the best next to goldeneye). Definitely worth your money.
It was more expensive than the used console I bought, but I didn't mind the price just because of how fantastic it is to be able to play this again.
Enter the fray with your favorite character (well if, like me, you have two or more favorite characters, you know what to do...) and prove to your opponents (they can be human or CPU) who rules! Super Smash Bros for the 64 is one worthful piece that reflects how so far the multiplayer action can go, and so continued on the GameCube and Wii (I own all three!). With easy gameplay, good BGM, endless multiplayer battle, great feedback when using Rumble pak, some characters info (obviously not as much as on the GC or Wii), tons of fun, and also that this game left the necessary for its successors; SSB is worthy to own. If you still don't have this "jewel", hurry up and find it! You 64 owners should have it! Consider four good-working controllers and rumble paks.But the only bad thing. As all SSB games, you'll feel bored after twenty multiplayer battles (just to say sth), well but that's no problem. The action continues!
I remember playing this with my cousin when I was little and while I have played both the others this is still a great game to go back to. This is a must own.
This one started it all so it is the most popular. It has great graphics for the 64 and the sound is amazing. I loved all of the super smash bros series and to this day these r my favorites for each system. It has a great multiplayer game and the stages r very creative. The only bad thing about the game is that there r only 12 charecters and not that many stages but remember this is the first one. If u look at the front it looks like a kiddie game but thats what all of the nintindo games looked like back then. The graphics r so good that sometimes u cant tell this on and the melle games apart.
(my son is going to do this reviwe)(I am 12 years old)my name is Andrew. all I can say is wow. this is the best 1, 2, 3, or 4 player game of all you can choose up to 8 people (and 4 hiden people) and they are jigglypuff, c.falcon ,luigi, and ness. and the people from the start are. Kirby (my favorite) Yoshi (my other favorite) zelda, samus, mario, DK, pikachu, and fox. it is the best game I own. each person has different powers. but all of them have  B attack, up B attack,  down B attack, A attack, smash attacks, a block, a throw attack oh and punches and kicks and a bunch of other combos. and all of them are different. well luigi's and mario's are sort of a like. and lots of battle arenas. and you can copy some ones B attack if you are kirby. my favorite person to play with is kirby he may be a little cute pink cuddly puff ball (...) oh and I like yoshi at first I hated yoshi but then I used him and he was prety darn good. my little brother likes samus. I like every body but my favorites are yoshi and Kirby. and if you think this looks like a little kid game you are wrong. it is packed with punches and kicks. oh and I want a game cube because they have super smash brothers melee but it is to much $$$. oh and super smash bros melee has a bunch of new people to choose and different battle arenas and a lot better graphics. and lots of new stuff. so you had better buy this game. it is the best game vever!. it is one big smash!  trust me you are going to like it. so get out there and buy this super awsom (...) game. it rocks!!!
A very exciting and fun fighting game; Super Smash Bros. is definentally worthy of my approval. In this great multiplayer game you fight opponents using awesome moves and killer items. There are also a variety of levels, each containing their own special dangers. The object of the game is to knock your opponent off the edge of the thing you are fighting on. It could range from a spaceship in the star-e-ness of space to the tops of skyscrapers!Each fighter has their own special moves and abilities to crush other fighters with. Their moves are not hard to learn, so you can get pretty good at the game in a relitively short time.Also, Super Smash Bros. doesn't get boring after you beat it. I've had the game for about three, four years and I still love it. And if you get this AWESOME multiplayer combat game hopefully you will too.
Super Smash Brothers was one of the last installments to the now dead N64 gaming line. A perfect ending, if you ask me. This is't your average Mortal Kombat or Tekken game. You don't have limited health, you aren't crammed up in a tiny little space, and the computer player dosen't always win. You can run around on vast terrains, where items such as light sabers (Samus Aron or Star Fox, I don't know), pokeballs (Pokemon), hammers(The original Donkey Kong arcade), and lasers (Star Fox) fall from the sky, and are at whoever grabs them first's disposal. The levels are:Mario Brother's flying island thingie, Zelda's castle, Saffaron City, Star Fox's ship, Samus Aaron's near-destructed planet, Donkey Kong's jungle, Yosie's island, and Kirby's planet. There's also a hidden level, The Mario Brother's classic arcade world. And, now, the players:Mario, Yoshi, Kirby, Star Fox, Samus Aron, Donkey Kong, Link, and...Pikachu. And, there a 4 bonus characters, and I'll tell ya how to get them:Jigglypuff-All you have to do is beat the game, on any mode, no matter how many lives you lose.Captain Falcon-Beat the whole game on any challenge level in under 20 minutes.Ness-Beat the game on normal with only 3 lives, without getting any game overs.Luigi-Go to pratice and beat everyone's (except the bonus character's) bonus game 1. Luigi is faster and stronger than Mario.HAVE FUN!!
I convinced my cousin to rent this game back when it first came out because we were crazy about pokemon and I loved the commercial for it.When we first played it, it was hard. The controls were hard and there were too many moves to remember. But once you get around the learning curve, which only took a day or 2, the game is a great ride.The thing about the game is that it has everybody's favorite Nintendo characters in one game. It doesn't even skip on the moves. You can throw Link's boomerang, Samus Aran's morphing ball bombs, Mario's fireballs, Jigglypuff's sing, and many other characters moves. The graphics for the game were excellent at the time and still look better than any N64 game except Mario 64.Not only do you have every characters special moves is that almost everybody has their own level and music from their game. You can fight on a Pokemon Center, the Great Fox, Brinstar Depths, or in Dreamland to name a few levels. The only characters that don't have their own level or share one with another character are Ness, Captain Falcon, Jigglypuff, and Luigi. It also has weapons from each characters game. The Bo-ombs, Ray Guns, Poke Balls, Hammers, and others. If you don't like items then you can turn them off which is another cool feature.Another thing about the game is that you have to unlock half of it. You have to beat the game with everyone which makes you appreciate each character's strength and weaknesses. Yoshi doesn't have a triple jump so you have to play to that weakness while Kirby has about 7 jumps which a strength. You have to learn to take advantage of your enemies weaknesses. If you see Samus charging up be ready to reflect it back with Fox.The best thing about this game is that you have to unlock half the things yourself. You have to unlock characters and levels. It is fun, especially since the single-player is great fun.What do you do after you unlock everything? Play multiplayer mode of course which is the best part of the game. You and up to 3 friends or AI duke it out in a free-for-all. Don't like playing by yourself, you can set it to teams with up to 3 teams(red, green, or blue) and fight that way. You can play by lives or by a time limit. You'll never get tired of this game and be popping it in every so often for years to come.
If you're into pretty colors and flashy graphics, and care much less about actually having controller inputs match character actions, go ahead and get SSB:Melee instead. It's got a general "random" feel to it and skill isn't as important as luck and drooling mindlessly over the images on the screen.However, if you prefer to buy a fighting game because...it's a fighting game, and not pathetic eye-candy, the original SSB is godly. The controls are extremely precise, and it's possible to execute combos to near perfection. Indeed, combos are key to this game, something most players seem not to understand. Melee seems to have been created to eliminate combos and reduce fighting to random hacking and button-mashing; this is perfectly suited to mentally deficient monkeys, but humans with brains might prefer something that takes a little bit of skill. The only problem with SSB is that the combos can become degenerate, and certain characters are simply not viable, but most players don't seem good enough to take advantage of this (almost no one thinks Jigglypuff is anything more than a pathetic waste of a spot, for instance) so enjoy!
This was one of my most anticpated games of all time for the N64 and this game really lives up to the hype I had.  This is one of the finest piece of fighting game I've played on the N64.  It's even more cool how all of the best Nintendo trademark characters battle it out such as Samus,Mario,Link,Fox,DK, CAPTAIN FALCON AND MORE!  This game had some really impressive graphics on the N64 and once again shocked me at how incredible the graphics for N64 are.  The action is fast pace and never looses its touch and cause me to play hours and hours of none stop story mode AND just plain fighting it out with friends or bots.  The game is incredible and should be played by all Nintendo Fans.  I found this to be far superior then most fighting games But SSBM was better then this but hey this one is a classic!  It features some awesome Levels and great Handicapped matches.  It's cool how you can also set up any match you.  You can also try to beat time records in story mode so you can get New secret characters like Captain Falcon.  The game was very impressive and this is why I gave it the score it got.  Classic...Graphics...man the graphics are just amazing! Really great visuals almost all the games I review I give the visuals Good reviews but hey I can't help it?...ok!!!  Man the graphics for the characters are so cool.  I loved the character desighn for Samus especially.  Fox and Mario looked awesome too.  It ranks up with the other great N64 titles like Zelda.  This is truly not to be missed.Gameplay is fun filled fighting action.  None stop action and fast paces moves make this an action packed thrill ride of none stop ass kicking and you'll do even better if you get Kirby who is the best.  No matter how bad you think the game is you have to admit the gameplay is Action packed and is nothing but nonstop fun!  The gameplay in this game is just worth getting the game.  Ewww Samus never looked so good...blah!The sound is cutting edge punches, shooting and well...fighting..eheheh You can here Yoshi flying in the air from miles away and it is so detailed I think Nintendo Worked very hard on this Title.  The sound is above average, I know it's lame that I review sound but oh well who cares....Well Like I said the sound is above average and is very very very detailed.  Earns a star......well.......From Impressive Visuals to great nonstop action filled fun with some really great Nintendo characters like Samus and Mario to very detailed sound.  And lets not forget about the pretty intence story mode which you can beat time records to unlock hidden characters.  This game will take hours hell probably months till you get bored of this Title but I still play it once and awhile but over all with that said...this impressive title truly earns its..5 out of 5 stars....Like I said...very impressive game...Lates.
I don't care if you are 4 years old or 40 years old, put this game on and pick up a controller and you'll be playing for hours. I bought this copy for my cousin, who recently replaced the system that his parents sold years ago. He couldn't have been happier. I still like this one better than the Gamecube and Wii versions, because its simpler.
Super Smash Bros......before it, there were fighting games like Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat, and Virtua Fighter. Their rules were a bit similar, and every fighting game was like that.......until Smash Bros came along!Super Smash Bros reinvented the rules of fighting games, combining platforming with fighting moves, such as punching, kicking, etc. What's even more of a no-brainer is how several Nintendo franchises crossed over to star in this one game. Each character has their own abilities, such as Mario throwing fireballs, and Fox using his laser gun.There are a variety of stages to choose from, and most of them have their own gimmicks. The Mushroom Kingdom (unlcokable) has pipes you can go into, and Pokemon Stadium lets you open a door that certain Pokemon pop out of and attack.The 1-Player Mode is a series of battles, like how fighting games usually are. Unfortunately, the rosters of the battles don't change.However, overall, you'll get a huge kick out of this game, especially when it comes to playing multiplayer. 4 players duking it out...what more can you ask for? Well, besides Brawl and Melee.
Wow! This game is so cool! A fighting game with 12 great nintendo characters! They are ... Starfox(my fave),Mario, Donkey Kong,Yoshi, Samus,Pikachu,Kirby, and Link. And don't forget the 4 other characters that you have to unlock! They are Jigglypuff, Luigi, Captain Falcon, and Ness. With Fighting games, you usually think that there is going to be blood and gore and stuff, but that's not the case here.This game can be played by all ages.It basically just has cartoon violence in it, nothing major.The characters have different attacks and can use all sorts of items. It has great replay value and can be played with up to 4 people.While it may take a while to master, this game is great and is reccomended to anyone. Also if you liked this, then you'll really like Super Smash Bros. Melee for GCN. Trust me.
I had this game when I was a little kid so I already knew it was awesome. I love it.
I had recently bought this game a month back and I enjoyed it on my N64.Later after deleting the earlier data I played through the game and unlocked jiggly puff. The next time I tried it was captain falcon. After that it was no one because I made a mistake. Later I went online to this link and it helped me get everything. It's very true info. There's even a new level (Mushroom Kingdom Classic.) I hope it helps you :)[EDIT] Here I was nice enough to post everything for you:Cheat: 999%There are two ways to to do this, you must pick Mario as your character and you must go to Hyrule Castle as a stage (you can fight any opponent you want). At Hyrule Castle, get your chosen opponent to the top wooden platform, and then push him or her off of the platform on the left side. Then, spawn as many green shells as you can on the right side of the platform. From here, go to the middle platform and go to the edge of the left side, facing left. Do Mario's Up + B move - if done correctly, your opponent's percentage will go up to 999%. Then, simply wait a second, and knock your opponent off the screen. The other way that takes longer, but is easier. Just select any chracter that shoots projectiles, like mario, luigi, and fox then keep hurting your opponent at the practice level of any selection until they get 999% and after hit the opponent and see them fly like a missle.Unlockable: Mushroom KingdomTo unlock the Mushroom Kingdom beat the game with all eight original characters. This will open up a level that resembles an old-school Super Mario Bros. level.Change Outfits:You can change your character's outfits by tapping the four C Buttons at the character select screen. Some costume changes are limited to colors, but characters like Pikachu are also available with a hat.Unlockable Luigi:To play as Luigi, pass the Bonus Practice 1 with at least 8 main characters like the ones you didn't have to unlock. When Luigi challenges you, defeat him and he's yours.Kirby's Power Loss:Everybody knows that Kirby can swallow his opponents and take on some of their powers in this game, but what if you accidentally "ate" a character you didn't want -- and you want to pursue someone else? Simple: Just press the L Button to pull of Kirby's "Hello!" taunt and he will discard whatever power he took on.JigglypuffIf you want to get the Pokemon Jigglypuff all you have to do is beat the game one time and then you will face JigglyPuff in a battle. If you beat JigglyPuff you will be able to use her in the game.Unlockable: Item Switch MenuTo unlock the Item menu (where players determine weapons and their frequency), play Vs. mode at least 50 times.Unlockable: Captain FalconTo play as Captain Falcon, you must beat the game on any difficulty with however many lives in UNDER 20 MINUTES. After that Captain Falcon will challenge you. Once you beat him, you be able to select Captain Falcon as a character.Unlockakle: NessTo play as Ness, beat the one-player mode with any character, with the number of starting lives set to 3 and the difficulty set to NORMAL. You must beat the game without continuing.Unlockable: Sound TestTo activate the Sound Test, successfully complete Bonus Practice games 1 and 2 with all characters &iquest; including the hidden ones. The Test Music option will appear on the Data screen.Quick Recovery:Have you ever been hit so far you haven't been able to get back into the game to help your buddies? After being hit into the air, tap Z as soon as you hit the ground. When you hit the ground, you will spring up from the ground quickly, and you can be back in the game faster. Also, you can press forward or backward to roll after you have sprung back into play.Rotate Characters:You can rotate and view the characters from different angles by entering the character bio section and holding Z. You can use the analog stick to move them around.
This game is truely the best N64 game ever made. If you want to puarchase it, don't be afraid of the corny cartoony looks on the front of the box. The game is almost as detailed as Super Smash Bros Melee. If you can't afford Super Smash Bros Melee and have a good N64 rusting in your garage, now is the time to buy this. I got mine used, but in very-good condition. There are 8 characters in the game, Samus Aran, Kirby, Mario, DK, Pikachu, Fox Mccould,Yoshi and Link. There are an extra 4 unlockable characters, making the grand total 12! The game also features many items from different nintendo brands. Baseball bat from Ness's world. Ray gun from Star Fox's area. Invinciablity star from Kirby's dreamworld. Fire flower from Mario land, and many others! Even features the orignal hammer!! There is only one thing bad about the game....... It only has 8 sceens to battle in! They are Sector Z, Peaches Castle, Dreamland, Planet Zebes, Yoshi's Island, Hyrule Temple, Congo Jungle and Safforon City. The sceens are't that bad though. You even get the choice: RANDOM. Another good thing is that up to 4 players can play!!! Or, if you don't have any bros of sisters, you can fight up to three computer players!! You can also change the CP's level from easy, to medium to hard! The controls are easy to learn and fun to use! It also contains "1 Player "Adventure Mode"!" This game is truely the best!! You will never get tired of it!! (I've had it for 4 days now, and I've been playing it night and day!!) One of the last features of it is that it has "Break the Targets" and the new to SSBM and SSBB "Board the Platforms"!!! You can even change your characters color if you want!Here are the character"s ratings:Mario---He's ok if you like simple gameplay.---B button=fireball.Kirby---He's kinda like an ultimate character because of his swallow power.---B button=swallow.Samus Aran---She's the best are doging. She's also a little good at shooting too.---B button=shoot super blast.DK---He's one of the best at throwing.---R Shoulder button=grab and throw.Yoshi---He's awsome at getting back to land when thrown far. He's also good with attacking.---Left arrow/right arrow of C pad + Joystick Left/ Right = Huge jump.Pikachu---Great at getting people from a distance!---A button=shock bolt.Link---Awesome at attacking and fighting!!!!---Joystick up + B button=huge sword wave.Fox Mccould---The fastest of them all!!!! He's also excellent at getting back to ground when thrown far.---Double Joystick tap=super fast dash.----------------------------------------------------------Luigi---The same as Mario, only a little more powerful on attacks.---A button=punch/kick combo.Jigglypuff---WHY DID THEY EVEN PUT HIM IN THIS GAME!!!! THE WEAKEST, THE SLOWEST, THE EASEST KNOCKED OUTEST!!!! HE STINKS!!!!!! (Why couldn't they have put Falco in his place??)Captain Falcon---Awesome at attacking and a little fast.---B button="Falcon Punch"Ness---I haven't unlocked him yet :(Buy it!!
The game works perfectly and there hasn't been and problems with it so far, and overall it's a really fun game, one of the best Nintendo 64 games in my opinion.
This is one of the best battle games ever made.( in my opinion) My friends and I used to play this all the time when we were younger and we were having a party and thought it would be a lot of fun to play again. The only problem was none of us could find our copy so I got a new one.
The game that started the Smash franchise.If you still own/play on an N64, this game is a must have.Endless hours of smashing your friends, this game never gets old!
SSB is a game where you take all the classic Nintendo characters and battle them out in arenas. And this is an AWESOME fighting game. This game is very addictive and fun. The one player mode is easy and good for little kids. I really recommend this game.
A Nintendo64 classic and one of the greatest games ever!PROS:- Arrived quickly, reliable seller.- Really fun game to play considering the characters, fights and "story".- Perfect mix of epic game characters in one game.CONS:- noneThis is one of the greatest games of all time,I highly recommend it for anyone who has an N64."Break the Targets" and "Board the Platforms" can be pretty tough with characters like NesDon't have an N64? Then buy one to play this game!FINAL RATING: 5/5.
Have you ever wondered who would win in a fight, Mario or Jigglypuff? If Link went up to face Donkey Kong, would he stand a chance? In Super Smash Bros., the creators of the game take all of your favorite, well known Nintendo characters and throw them into one game. You can choose from several characters like Mario, Luigi, Pikachu, Link, Kirby and many more to battle against each other until there is only one left standing.It's a great game to play with your friends and see who is the best Super Smash Bros. player there is. Whether your favorite player to choose from is Samus Aran or Fox McCloud, each player has his or her own special abilities that can help you and your character win the fight.There are many pros to this game that include the vast amount of entertainment it provides with exciting items that appear randomly during battle to keep players interested. You can find poke balls to throw at other opponents, or swords and bats you can use to hit other people. It's a really fun game to play with people your own age, and its what I think to be one of the more entertaining games on the Nintendo 64.The only cons I can really say about this game are that the creators didn't include enough of our beloved Nintendo characters. Even though they had most of them, I would have enjoyed seeing just a few more of my favorite Nintendo characters battle to the death!Overall I rate this game a 5 out of 5 for its creativity, entertainment, good use of graphics, and the sound quality.
This is a great game to buy for people who have been using Nintendo for years and those who are new to the license.  Smash Brothers is a fighting  game where nintendo characters (Mario, Yoshi, Starfox, Pikachu, Samus,  Kirby and more duke it out.  There are four hidden characters, a few hidden  features, and a hidden arena to be unlocked after a ton of gameplay.  The  sound is good and the graphics are good also.  A fun game to both play and  watch.
This is the best fighting game I've ever played and best for multiple players.  There are 8 regular characters plus 4 secret ones, each with over a dozen different moves.  There are 8 regular battle arenas (themed after the 8 characters) and 1 secret one.  Starting with three basic moves and playing with another novice, you can master all of the characters and all of their moves.  This game is unfortunately rigidly divided by skill, and good players will consistently beat worse ones.  I recommend this for everyone, especially those who enjoy games that require quick descisions.
The best game for N64. Super Smash Bros. is the best fighting game for four friends. Can't go wrong with this one!
When racing games were dominated by 'real' simulation Gran Turismo, I just couldn't enjoy first two Gran Turismo games except the fact that I do get to drive my car.  That chemistry wasn't just there.  When I picked up this gem, I was immediately sucked into it.  The graphic was BETTER than first two Gran Turismo games and not to mention its story line.  It's simple story, but they have managed to present the 'simple' story with special cutscenes with jazzy music, and believe me, this combination really adds alot to this game.This game does offer variety with two types of racing and four racing team.  Not only each team offers various difficulty, but also it offers different storylines.  I have especially enjoyed night setting race course, with music which it brings out the essence of each course to its max.  May be something's wrong with me for I just couldn't enjoy 'awesome' Gran Turismo games (third installment was very enjoyable)..you might say.. but this game was MUCH MORE ENJOYABLE than Gran Turismo, Don't miss it!
Ridge Racer type 4 is fantastic.  The graphics are top notch. The soundtrack to this game is fantastic, with selectable music before each  race.  The girl in the FMV at the begining is even pretty hot.  Lets face  it the Ridge Racer is the origonal and still king of the playstation race  games.  Gran Turismo is just plain too complex to be any fun.  You have to  play Gran Turismo for hours before getting any good at it.  Ridge Racer is  just pick up and play,  try it out!
And I say true Ridge Racer because I actually like Rage Racer slightly better than this.  R4 is the first RR game to have analog support, but what really makes this game is the excellent track design.  Unlike Rage Racer and Gran Turismo, you don't earn money to upgrade your cars, you just unlock cars.  That's its only flaw in my book.Those who are complaining about the quality of the graphics...drive faster.
I have several racing games, including the best of all racers, those on Dreamcast (F355, Test Drive: Le Mans, and Sega Rally 2).  I also have the &quot;licenses-galore&quot; Gran Turismo 2 on PSX and Sega GT.  Simply put, I have much more fun playing R4 than the &quot;licenses-galore&quot; simulation racers, and place R4 on the replayability level of Sega Rally 2 (my favorite of all).R4 is an arcade racer, so people who prefer sim games (or who &gt;&gt;think&lt;&lt; they do) may not like it.  However, as a car nut myself with all these racing games, sometimes having less realism and more fantastic cars is the best gaming medicine.  R4 has much variety, creative fantasy cars, and an actual personality (its refreshing to drive a jet-powered racer; or how 'bout that winnable 1-speed 191-mph 3-ft econocar!).R4 offers a story for each of four different race managers you can work with.  Like the different storylines in a Street Fighter game, this adds a dose of personality, though you won't mistake these stories for award-winning novellas.R4 is highly recommended to all.  It can be &quot;won&quot; by those with lesser skill on the &quot;easier&quot; teams, but even seasoned racers such as myself get a challenge from at least 1 out of the 4 teams (the expert-level DRC-team Grand Prix).  Also, note that one can finish a Grand Prix with a few 3rd or 2nd place finishes, but those who do this and think &quot;I'm done&quot; will never see the better cars in the game.  And definitely not the Pac-Man car...Buy and enjoy!
I bought this color, Teal, because I liked teal very much. Other than that, this console has improved on its graphics! On games like Super Mario Bros. Deluxe and Pokemon Gold and Silver, the graphics are much better! Also, there is a ample amount of color that your eyes can feast on. Now if you have game boy Pocket and Regular game boy and you're playing Pokemon [It doesn't matter which one], you will notice that when you walk around in Pocket, It's very blurry. Well this fault has ben fixed in GameBoy Color. It's extremely helpful because it enables you to see more detail and little things that you couldn't see before. I also have some regular gameboy games that aren't for game boy color and if you play them on GameBoy color, they show little color, but no blurryness. Now make sure you read what the box says when you are buying a gameboy color game. There are two types, there is one that says FOR GAMEBOY COLOR ONLY, which you can't use on the other gameboys. The second type just says that it's for gameboy color. Those you can play on the regular gameboys. It won't show any color but at least you can play it. There are a couple faults for the gameboy color. One of which is that the console is too small [for me I have big fingers so it's hard for a grown up kid]. A second fault is that the batterys run out faster than the Original GameBoy [The gameboy pocket battery use is outrageous! I played the gameboy pocket for 2 hours straight and the batterys were already starting to run out[[I think it's because the console takes AAA's and they tend to run out fast]].]. The original gameboy lasted me up to 23 hours! This only lastes me for about 12. Well I can see why because of all the good color and good graphics. So my point is that this color gameboy, teal, is a good color to get [if you like it]. The console is worth the money too. It all combines. The color, graphics, games, to make a great system!
Nintendo has mastered the art of portable gaming, and they have always come out with a better and more advanced Game Boy.Right now the Game Boy Advanced, Game Boy Advanced SP, and Game Boy DS has come out already, so you're probably wondering why should I get an old Game Boy Color? Well, a Game Boy Color is still an excellent product, and there are tons of games to choose from. Compared to the original Game Boy or the smaller version of the Game Boy (was it Game Boy light?) this one is great.I really like how this Game Boy Color runs for about 8 hours just off of two double-A batteries. If you want recommendations of Game Boy Games, look no further than the classics-Zelda (Oracle of Time and Ages), Super Mario, and Metroid. Another really cool game is Pokemon, and if you're not into it then you can find many other great varieties.This Game Boy Color is really reliable and stable. If you don't do anything really careless with it (like drop it in the toilet or hit it with a hammer, etc) it should last you many years. There are many different accessories you can get to enhance your gaming experience also.Game Boy Color is excellent, and if you haven't experienced it yet, then you should go and try it.
I never had the chance to own a game boy when they first came out. So I bought one that was used, and I am definitely glad that I did. It works fine and looks awesome. I sometimes take it out and play it just to turn heads. It's caused many people to exclaim &#34;DUDE IS THAT A GAME BOY?!&#34; I'm often engaged in discussion with people who share their own personal game boy memories and experiences. So much fun.
I love my Game  Boy. It is awesome. I recomend to get Super Mario Bros. DX. and a battery pack (so you won't have to waste money on batteries.) with it.
Must I say more.
It's the classic GBC for old school hand held gaming! It's not the latest and greatest, but there are plenty of games on here worth playing.
This is the origanal Gameboy Color its not some crappy SP this was amazing due to all the colors on the screen and the size was better than a gamegear for sure. Most of the titles are great and take full advantage of the colors  many people say that it's not that great only because there is no backlight,but who cares anyone remember the Gameboy Light? And how did that turn out, horrible nintendo did mot want to take another risk like that and they were right backlights and graphics don't make a game console*cough gamegear cough* its the games for the console and these games are awesome so if you want dust off your old library of Gameboy color games go for it youll be sorry if you don't.
Some consoles like Dreamcast and N64 are really good, but hard to carry around.  Ether in teh house or ont eh read this console rules!  I would like it to maby be a bit smaller like the pockets, but other wise its really cool.  Some of the games you play on the computer, well like Tomb Raider are good, but the controls are so confusing!  But on the GBC's versiond of the game is really easier to controol and still has all that good stuff.  Its a really good console.  And the Atomic Purple is the one i have and its really cool.  So BUY THIS ITEM!!!  Its really good.
This is the best present I've ever gotten. I think it looks so cool now that you can see the games in color instead of black and white, it's also great that the game boy fits into your pocket so you can take it everywhere with you. I recommend this product to anyone who wants to play video games everywhere, not just in your house.
I got my Game Boy Color for Chrsitmas last eyar along with several games. This is by afr the best handheld system availible price-wise. The system is...cheaper than teh new Game BOy Advance if you buy it used and the games are ...cheaper as well. The graphics may not be top notch, but don't let that fool you. There many great games including the traditional Nintendo games like Donkey Kong Country and Mario games, sports games liek Madden, All-Star Baseball and Ronaldo Soccer. There is a huge library of games with hudnreds availible. ...This is way better than the bulky Game Boy and much lighter and smaller. THe only problem with it is the buttons are to close and too small which causes a problem for people with big hands like me.MUST HAVE GAMES:Harry Potetr and the Soceror's StoneAll-Star Baseball 2001Donkey Kong CountryDriverPokemon (hey, pokemon is gay, but the game sure is fun)Zelda.
Great for anybody. The size of the body makes it good for big and small hands. Would recommend to new and vets to gaming.
love my Gameboy color.
I used to have a Game Boy Color back in elementary school but had since sold it. I recently came into possession of Pokemon Blue Version and needed an old handheld to play it on. There really is no comparison to be drawn between handhelds of the 90s and handhelds of today. 90s wins every time.
On this GBC you can play any GBC game you want which would be a good thing don't you think? Also if you interested in in what goes on inside The Game Color then make sure you get the Atomic Purple GBC!!!
I would say the gameboy color was the best hand held game system I ever owned or play. Something that you grew up using will stick to you forever. I still play my gameboy evey now and then, playing games that never get old like pokemon. The only thing I ever had bad to say about the gameboy color was that it does not have a back light and I have to use a worm light. If you ever owned a gameboy in your life it's something that you always keep with you or end up buying another one like me.
Okay if you asked me now I'd say go with Gameboy advanced. However, the price is right on Gameboy color, and it is still certainly still one of the best handheld systems. I had a lot of fun with the Poke'mon games, and also talking to gameboy for several hours a day. He'll make a fine companion to anyone living alone in the cold depths of endless solitude. 5 stars definately.
it takes me back when i was a kid i used to play pokemon all day i like the color of the gameboy color it rocks.
Ok, I'll admit it, I have a Gameboy of my own. 40-something mother of two, and I got one for myself so that I could play with my kids. They're great! We are all great Pokemon fans, which is how we got sucked into the whole  Gameboy thing, and those are still our favorite games.The only drawback  that I find with the thing is that it does need to be well-illuminated,  otherwise you'll give yourself a migrane trying to see the tiny screen. But  that aside, these babies are fun! My kids love them, I love mine, great fun  all around. Go for it!
Iam a 14 year old female gamer. I have had one of these for about 1 year and a half and absolutely love  it! In the summer of 2000,I bought Pokemon Stadium for N64 because I had just taken an interest. I did not know you needed the gameboy games(pretty stupid of me,eh?). So we bought me a kiwi colored gameboy color(too bad they had no berry color,but kiwi is just as pretty!). Along with it,I gotmy first game,Pokemon Yellow. And boy was it more than I expected. I played it hours on end! I could not put it down! I took it everywhere,in the car,resterants,grandparents',etc etc etc. It really spiced upmy summer. I kept on sticking to Pokemon games but soon I discovered more great games such as Zelda and Harvest Moon plus tins of others. I even think I enjoy it more than any other console I own(me and my brother practicly own all the systems(gamecube,PS2,dreamcast,n64,etc,etc). The batteries last a good 20 hours or so too,which is great for traveling. Yes,the gameboy advance may be out there too,and i bought one of those,but I almost think that I enjoy this more. I think gameboy color games seem to be more addicting and there are a lot more out at the present.I think the gameboy color is cooler looking than the GBA! Another great feature is that you can plug headphones in so you can play with sound without disturbing other people. I have recently broke my poor kiwi gameboy by accidently dropping it on the floor.Well,I guess we must get another one. Just make sure not to drop it because the LCD screen can get messed up. i would recommend this to anybody wholoves video game and for ANY age! This will be fun for yers to come!!
If you want to have fun on the go, you have to get Game Boy color!! I had the old gray one before this and this is a MAJOR improvement. The colors add alot of life to the games and its backwards compatible, so you can play all the old games. The size is really convienient and the dandelion color is the best. Buy this system and pick up Game Boy camera with it too!!!
I got this game system for Christmas, and it is awesome! The graphics, really depending on the game, though, are great, and the colors go well together, not clashing on screen or distracting you from hours of entertainment. A tip, though, to get the best color and graphics on screen, tilt the Game Boy clockwise or counter-clockwise. I recommend you buy it, it is leaps and bounds ahead of the traditional Game Boy, and the same size as the Game Boy Pocket.
Owned my first Nintendo Gameboy Color back in 1999 and loved it so much!  I passed it on to a nephew and it still worked as of the last time I checked on him in 2010.  I miss the Gameboy so much!On a flight back from Celebration VI in Orlando a spotted one of these being played by a couple in the next seat forward and knew I had to get my hands on another one!  Luckily, found a great price for one in great condition here on Amazon.  Next task is to restock on some GBC games at the next Con I attend.  I'm happy to have a Gameboy again!
Game Boy Color is absolutely a must-have if you want a portable video game console! It is great. The things I like about it are that there are many different types of games like action, sports, racing, puzzle, adventure, and more! I also like the graphics when you are playing the games, even though the screen is very small, you still get a lot of detail. And I like the fact that the screen is in color. There is even a jack where you can plug in a little light so if you are playing in the dark, you can see what you are doing. Some of the best games on Game Boy Color are Monopoly, Ken Griffey Jr.'s Slugfest, All Star Baseball 2000, Pokemon Pinball and Tetris DX. I also like the fact that there is a very wide selection of games to choose from, which makes for more variety. Overall, if you want a good portable video game console, Game Boy Color is the one to beat! Thank you for reading my review. I hope it helped.
The Game Boy Color is the best portable gaming system around. It's made all my  plane trips go by a lot faster, and for me, that makes it worth the reasonable price. There are hundreds of games out for the Game Boy Color, and many more to come. There are games in all genres, including Adventure, Arcade, Fighting, Racing, Sports, and RPG-- start your GBC Collection with Super Mario Bros. Deluxe and Tetris DX, the two classics. It's small enough to put in your jacket pocket, and the game cartridges are tiny. The only problem is that you can't play it in the dark because it isn't backlit, so you have to buy an extra light to attach onto it. But cons aside, the Game Boy Color is a great investment for hours of entertainment-- at least until summer 2001, when the Game Boy Advance comes out (which will also play Game Boy Color and Game Boy Games). But until then, I recommend the Game Boy Color to Kids and Adults alike!
The GameBoy Color (picture is a Pocket?) is a pricelessly entertaining handheld, for a retro gamer like myself. Blast from the past!
I had the teal game boy color for the longest time and loved it to peices but I gave it to my cousins so oh well I'm getting a new game boy color in purple this time either way the game boy color is excellent the double aa bateries in the game boy color can last for the longest time ever trust me on this I know that for a fact that they can really last long my one cousin was playing my game boy color around christmas time about six years ago and we stayed up until 12:00 midnight playing totally angelica on the game boy color.  if your buying a game boy color you won't be disappointed it exactly like the game boy advance sp only with out the screen light that's the only bad thing is that you have to by a light for it.
Love gameboys. Ive had a gameboy pocket, advance, and advance sp. I should have bought another sp just because of the backlight. Other than not being bright the gameboy color is good. It is a nice size and very durable. I would suggest getting collectible or one with the battery cover. Mine was a little dirty but i'm sure i can clean it off. Very nice and love the blue color. It lasts longer on batterys than rechargeable. But i have rechargeable AA's so it isn't a problem.
The Game Boy was a gloriously fantastic handheld back in the day. Things couldn't have been better for Nintendo....until 1998. That's when things went up a notch for the Game Boy line. People don't want light. People don't want thin copies of the system....okay maybe they still wanna fit it in their pockets, but what the people were asking for...is color.The Game Boy Color lets you play all of your Game Boy favorites in random color, but it also opens the door into a new colorful library of games! The Game Boy Color has continued the life span of the original system to 2002.It also saves batteries, as it uses half the amount of batteries the Game Boy uses.
I just bought a kiwi colored Game Boy and it is great! It can play over 400 games and all in color. Nintendo did a brilliant job with this portable video game platform. The graphics for most of the games rock and the sound is loud and clear (something that wasn't really great with older Game Boy models).A great thing about the Game Boy is that a lot of the games for N64 and other consoles can be found for this. This is a good thing for some people that do not want to buy an exspensive console. The controls for the Game Boy are also very easy. Just look at the guide for your game and you will see that their are very little manuavers and they will be easy to use.Besides all of those reasons, the number one reason the Game Boy is so popular is because it is portable. Now imagine this toy that can play up to 450 games, has suberb graphics, and crisp and clear sound, can fit right in your pocket. That's Right!So, I hope you will go out (or click) for a Game Boy. They are truly great things to own for a child, teen, or even an adult. They make great toys and are not that costly. Buy and enjoy.HAPPY GAMING~!
It brings me back to when I was a kid and lives up to how it was in the 90s.
One of the best gme player from the past but still a great system of Nintendo ever made. I love it.
This is a system for the 1990s (as I am sure you know) and is very old school. It is a great system for hand held play, especially if you are into older games.
My Grandma got me this console when I was around 6-7 years old. I remember opening it up for the first time, and had no idea how to turn it on, and when I figured it out, I was so excited. I've had this thing for many many years and it still works great. The only thing thats messed up really is the way the sound works. Like, if I turn the sound circle thing all the way to the max, its less sound then it was at a little before that point. But something I like is it has a headphone jack in it, which the GBA SP Lite does not. I'm not sure if the original SP did or not, but I like using my earphones when I play a game, so thats a major plus for me. Also, I did loose the back at one point but we bought a different back at a flea market, and it fit just fine. Mine is the purple one, and sure, its got quite a few scratches, dings and dents, but I still play it every now and then, because its a classic, and I loves me some Pokemon Crystal, :).
With the recent release of the 32-bit Game Boy Advance, you may think that all Game Boy Color systems are next month's yard sale fodder. Well, that's just dead wrong. The tall, small-screened systems are still being played by Nintendo fans,even Game Boy Advance owners.
At long last the PS1 version of Duke Nukem 3D. This is the game that Duke Nukem Forever is a sequeal to. DN:TM is a fun but dated by today standards, it does play on the PS3 but the graphics kind of spazz out when the screen goes red from lighting, the gameplay is rather tough even on the easy setting but who cares, this is still a fun game to play and once you get used to the controls it's even better.
Duke Nukem games are old and repetitive. But you know what? WHO CARES!? No matter how old and repetitive Duke Nukem gets, it's still awesome. That's due to the fact that DUke Nukem can make ANYTHING and EVERYTHING look good. Hell, he can even make taking a dump look awesome! The one thing I've noticed about Duke over the years is that he doesn't have and hair on his balls, then I realized that hair doesn't grow on steel!
This game is awesome! It's a must have. This game must have the most color in history! It has many levels just like the Original for regular nintendo. Plus it hs a few more opotions. It has a challenge mode which is extremely hard, a Vs mode so you can play your friends, and a &quot;You VS Boo Mode.&quot; It's a very good buy. You'll like it!I got a secret to tell ya too. There are secret levels in this game that are beyond hard! You have to get over 5000000 points in the original mode. If you think about it, it's not so hard to get that many points. It's actually really easy.Well I HIGHLY recommend you buy this album. It's a good buy, well worth your money, and it's fun.Don't forget, this game is for GBC ONLY! That means Game Boy Color.
Super Mario Bros. DX is da ba-bomb! It has tons of replay value including, racing Boo, keeping a calendar, playing Super Mario Bros. 2 (Japan version) , getting your fortune told and more. You can even play as Luigi by pressing select at the map screen I love this game! It is compatible with Game Boy printer and  game link. It is by far the best Game Boy game.
Super Mario Bros Deluxe was released in 1999 for the Game Boy Color and is essentially a port of one of the best NES games starring Mario. Normally, this idea would have sold millions of copies but Nintendo went an extra mile or two. Super Mario Bros Deluxe is the original game plus extra content that equaled a must buy title. If you were a Game Boy Color owner, you immediately bought this and played the hell out of it.The PROS: You get the original Super Mario Bros, a You Vs. Boo mode where you race against a ghost through some of the game stages, a 2 player VS mode where you and another place race against each other (connected via the cable link), a Challenge mode where for each stage you have to find 5 red coins, a Yoshi egg and beat the high score. There's also extra content like the ability to print images from the GB printer (sold separately), a program that tells you where the Yoshi eggs are hidden, a built in calendar and a fortune teller program.The CONS: None.It's a must own title back then and a real treat to play nowadays if you still have the Game Boy Color or Game Boy Advance SP. It was cool to bring around the original game with you (with the ability to save anywhere) but the extra modes and content really made it worth its price. Track down a copy because it's one game you will never ever get tired of playing.
If you're older than 2 you probably heard of Super Mario, with over 200 games to his name he has tried almost every genre ( Yes, even a shooting game ), he is a bestseller ( The second best selling game ever ) and is the face of video games. So where did his fame come from? A package game for the original Nintendo. The problem is to experience on the original system you need to find a NES and you have to hope it still work. And I've never known how legal emulators are. Thankfully  Nintendo rereleased the game a few times ( Super Mario all-stars/SNES Wii, NES Classic/ GBA, Virtual Console/Wii 3ds WiiU, And Super Mario Bros Deluxe/ Gameboy Color GBA ) This might be the best. It kept the original look unlike all-stars which might put some disappointed but it is a look that can't be beaten. It add a save feature, Boo race, red coin hunt, and even achievements! This is the best singular port of the game. If you want you can also get the Nes classic version, but this is the best port on a gameboy system. If you had to only get one Gameboy Color game get Pok&eacute;mon Gold/Silver or this. 5+/5.
Nintendo did a nice job of putting an old game on a kinda new system. Its the first but not the worst!
I started playing this game a few months ago and just completed all of it.  Super Mario Bros. Deluxe features not only the 1985 NES original levels, but also the Japanese version levels that North American players couldn't have before.  At that particular time, the only other way that anyone could access those levels was to play Super Mario All Stars for the Super NES/Nintendo Wii.  However, the NES Japanese levels were finally included on this 1999 Game Boy Color port/remake.  (For those of you history buffs, the Japanese version of Super Mario Bros. was actually named Super Mario Bros. 2.  The North American version of SMB2 was completely different and released in 1988 with Wart as the main archvillain, not Bowser.)I actually find the Japanese version of the levels very satisfying and much more challenging.  Some unusual effects will happen, such as Mario/Luigi jumping off a trampoline and into the air off screen for a couple of seconds, entering a "negative" warp pipe that brings you back several worlds (i.e., instead of going FORWARD), or seeing Goombas walking in the water levels.Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is one of those games that I could NEVER ever quit playing, even if I wanted to.  So stop reading this already and get this game!! Sadly, Super Mario Bros. Deluxe isn't currently available for download on the Nintendo 2DS/3DS, but it would be very nice if it was.  :).
This game is just like the original Super Mario Bros. game for the Nintendo. It is super. It is a lot of fun. If you love the Super Mario Bros. game for the Nintendo and you have a Game Boy Color or Game Boy Advance I suggest buying this game. It is a truly great game.
This game is fun and it looks just like the nes game.  In fact the only thing diff. is that you can play mini games and the camera is zoomed in.  The game is worth [the money] big time.
This game is great. I heard the news that there is going to be a 16 bit version of Super Mario Bros. but I can tell you already this version is better and more authentic.It just has a classic look to it that cant be replaced. The game is very simple and to the point when it comes to concept but contains some very hard obstacles later on. If you love Mario I command you to get this game.You owe it to yourslef and to Mario and Luigi.A perfect 10.I only wish that Nintendo hadnt stopped making Game Boy Color games because we could have seen The Legend Of Zelda,Kid Icarus,Metroid,Ghosts N Goblins and Mad Max on Game Boy Color cartridges if they hadnt stopped making Game Boy Color games.Its sort of sad if you ask me.
I remember when I was 6 years old. This my most favorite thing in the world on NES. Now it is back again on game boy color. This time it has ton of extras such as 32 new levels if you beat the game twice and challenges for each level such as collecting red coins or finding Yoshi eggs. You can also race against boo on certain levels.  This is a great game. Just like the original but with tons of extras.
I was a vivid gamer back in the day, and Mario was always one of my all time favorites. I have long since moved away from the video game scene, but now and then I play the classics on the PC. And when I played this version, I was amazed at how great it had been revived to the GBA. The graphics are the same, the gameplay is the same, the sound is the same, but there is new extras and bonus stuff, a pathway to choose, multi player ect.. I have to say this is the best Mario Bros. (1) game ever! Even better then Mario All Stars (snes) version!!!
I wasn't alive when the original Super Mario Bros. came out, but I do faintly remember playing it when I was young, and I faintly remember liking it. When I went to Target to get a game, since Pokemon Pinball wasn't there, I got this game instead. I realized that this game was a better choice than Pokemon Pinball. First off, the graphics are marvelous, and proves that GBC is just as good as the NES, if not better. Another thing good about this game is the new save system(I knew it was new because I had a friend who had the original for the NES). They also installed a new challenge mode which is very tough, but later in the game, there is a new item in the Toy Box that gives hints to where all the Yoshi Eggs are. The Toy Box has options like Fortune telling which can be very amusing(And get you five more lives to start with if you get an Extremely Lucky card) and tons of printouts for the Game Boy Printer. You might also want to have a Link Cable and a friend with this game handy for the Vs. Mode. In this mode, you can race your opponent on the special race courses. You can also play this mode in one-player, with Boo as your opponent. There is also a new Photo Gallery, which takes a picture every time you do something new, like stomp a new enemy, or trade high scores with a friend with the Infared sensor. Yes, I said high scores, another new feature. But this is all aside from the main game. The game isn't really too challenging until the last world, but I noticed that you can jump higher in this game than any other 2D Mario adventure I've played so far. Once you beat the main game, you get the Star levels, which are a little more challenging anyway. And once you get the high score, you can get to the Lost Levels, which are EXTREMELY hard, and the last of them has TWO Bowsers! Definetly a great buy, because of all the time put into a game like this.
For you Mario freaks who want to play the original, or those ones who are new to video games and don't have an old NES (which, sadly, are becoming increasingly rarer as time goes on), this is a good substitute.  It doesn't quite capture the magic many of us old school gamers can remember the first time we saw that screen on our TVs.  But the Golden Age of the video gaming industry has passed, and we must continue on.  Sorry for getting nostalgic, but there's still nothing quite as memorable these days as playing the old NES years ago, with a lot of friends gathered around.  Perhaps I romantize that era to much of the video game industry, but I have a lot of good memories from that.  That's how boys bond (and also men - me and my best friends still go and play the N64 --- the latest wrestling game from THQ and Goldeneye always come in handy).  And for those parents who are concerned with some of the more mature elements in gaming these days - don't worry, Mario doesn't have anything to be concerned about.Anyway, this includes some new features, like challenges (find Yoshi's Egg, 5 red coins, and beat a specified high score), races with Boo, a Toy Box (or something along those lines), and some trophies.  Also, more intriguing, is that that included the Japanese SMB II or Lost Levels for us American and UK folks or gamers I mean.  You have to get 300,000 points on the original, and then Luigi's head will appear on the gaming menu.  Its retitled SUPER MARIO BROTHERS FOR SUPER PLAYERS, and you have to be one to beat it, the difficulty level is so high.  It took us a good 13 years to get the game in original 8 bit format.  One thing about the screen: its not big enough to get the entire game inside it, so they have Mario look up and down.All in all, a good adaptation.  Still, it'd be nice to see the release of more games like this -- mainly the first two LEGEND OF ZELDA games on one cart.  Why don't they do this??  Perhaps with the release of the two new GB Colour Zelda games (they divided one game into halves and stuck it on the remaining two) we'll see a release of those two classic Zelda titles.  Other than emulation or on the 8-Bit they're unavailable.  That's a real travesty.Mike London.
No visible damage, battery works great, and the game plays fine with no technical difficulties. It really is as if it's new!
Great game. Will never forget it playing on the NES and Gameboy color. I have probably played world 1-1 more than five thousand times.
How does one game make an amazing comeback? Do it like Mario Deluxe did!Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is a Game Boy Color version of that game that saved the gaming industry. However, there's a bunch of features in this game that make it even better!Original 1985: Play Super Mario Bros-----Updates to game: Luigi is playable by pressing Select, world map, different HUD due to lower screen sizeChallenge: Find hidden red coins and Yoshi eggs in levels from the original gameVS Game: Race the other player in this multiplayer modeBoo (unlockable): Race the ghostLuigi (unlockable): Play Super Mario Bros: The Lost Levels!Records: High scoresAlbum: View unlockable picturesToy Box: Extra stuff to play around withSo yeah....it sure is an improvement.
The original Super Mario Brothers came out about the same time that I was born, and I think today its aged better than I have. Having not played the game in years, I was craving some Mario and decided to dust Super Mario Bros. Deluxe off; I'm glad that I did. I forgot not only how well this game transitions to the small screen, but just how many features Nintendo managed to cram into the game. There is huge replay value to be had here, which comes in the form of an additional full game, side challenges, and other minigames. While the original Super Mario Bros. was pretty challenging, the developers have added a save anytime and endless continues to ease the frustration level of the player. The only demerit the game gets from me is the fact that the whole game doesn't fit on the screen, so you have to move up and down accordingly, which caused me to lose a couple lives because of an enemy that I couldn't originally see on the screen. I don't need to write up anything about the gameplay, chances are you've played a side-scrolling Mario game at some point of your life. If you haven't, stop reading this and go play right now. Otherwise, this game is perfect for those craving a little old school Mario Brothers action.
This game is the account to the SNES version, its graphics are way better than the original, it even holds alot of secrets, EX. Get enough points and you can play "The Lost Levels, boo race" and more! not to mention this game is such a great gift for the little ones, it is so easy, my little brother (Whose is 6) has almost completed the game!
It's been nearly fifteen years since the plumber wandered into the Mushroom Kingdom, and gaming has never been the same since. When the NES was released in 1985, the game that shipped with the system was the instant classic Super Mario Bros. And what better way to kick off the first year of the Game Boy Color's life than with a true Mario game? The Game Boy Color game Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is a pixel-by-pixel translation of the original NES game, with a ton of added features. And because the original Super Mario Bros. still holds up extremely well after all these years, Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is an absolutely fantastic game that borders on perfection ? perfection in Game Boy standards, of course. There are many different modes in the game, but the main game is the 1985 classic Super Mario Bros. 32 levels of platform-hopping gameplay where you must go through the world, jumping on enemies and collecting coins, making your way to the next castle before time runs out. Collect 100 coins and you've earned a secret life. Make sure you jump on...aww, skip it. You've played this game before. What you haven't played are the new modes injected in the Game Boy Color version. The Vs. Mode requires two Game Boy Colors and a link-cable, but this game is a whole lot of fun. It's a race to the flag pole between Mario and Luigi, and you'll try to screw each other up by hitting triggers that will put blocks up in the way. Very cool use of the original Super Mario Bros. engine, and worth the purchase of another cartridge just for this feature alone. Super Mario Bros. Deluxe also has a Challenge Mode, where you'll have to find five red coins and a Yoshi egg, as well as beat the level's preset score to finish the level completely. This is pretty darn difficult, hope you have a lot of patience. When I say pixel-perfect, I mean it. Even though the Game Boy Color screen has less resolution than a standard television, the developers have translated the same pixel count for every object in the game, from Mario to the koopas, turtles, even the question-mark blocks. Granted, this reduces the screen visibility somewhat, but the developers have added user-controlled screen-scrolling to the mix. If you want to see above or below where you're standing, it's all a matter of pushing up or down on the pad. All 32 levels, from 1-1 to 8-4 are patterned after the levels in the NES classic. Nothing's changed. Well, that's not exactly true, you can now save your game in progress, something you could not do in the original. It also remembers which levels you've completed, and unlocks secrets based on how many you've finished. So it's not always a good thing to find the warp zones so early in the game. Secrets? That's right. As you complete certain tasks in the game, you open up little hidden trinkets. Things like a Photo Album where you can print out earned pictures on your Game Boy Printer, or a Toy Box where you can make messages and print them out. Oh, and just because they could, the developers stuck in a fortune teller (just think "Mario Magic 8 Ball") and a calendar option where you can enter important dates and save them to a cartridge. Do they need to be in there? Of course not. But they're cool additions nontheless. Super Mario Bros. remains one of my top 10 favorite games of all-time, even though it's almost a decade and a half old. Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is such a perfect translation, it makes me wonder if it's easy to port NES games to the Game Boy Advance. Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is the Game Boy Color-specific game to own, hands down, and will be the title that, hopefully, will key a revolution of porting NES games to the handheld system. Buy this game. Now.
Super Mario Brothers Deluxe is an exact copy of the original Nintendo game.  All the same graphics, levels, and even cheats are the same.  Even if you beat the original game, this version has a few things added.  There's a mode where you race a friend or the computer, a table which has  all the Toads that you've unlocked which will let you print out banners and  such on the game boy printer, a fortune teller where if you are very lucky  you earn five extra lives, and a challenge mode where you have to have a  high score, gain red coins and find a yoshi's egg.  There is also a picture  gallery similar to Zelda Dx. which has pictures of enemies and scenes from  the game.  This game is pure fun.
Super Mario Bros. for the NES revolutionized video gaming, no questions asked. Accordingly, a rerelease for the Game Boy Color seemed fitting. All 32 levels from the NES classic are back, in all their pixelated glory. The music is left unchanged from the NES as well! Plus, once you beat the 32 normal levels, you get to play through them again in an expert mode with tougher enemies more common and smaller lifts. Beat those and you get 32 NEW levels, from the Japanese version of Super Mario Bros. 2 (these are often called &quot;The Lost Levels&quot; in America.) In addition to these amazing features, there is a challenge mode where you must find a hidden Yoshi egg, 5 red coins, and get a high score. There's even a mode where you have to race to the end of a unique level against Boo! Lastly, the game contains several extras you can print out with your Game Boy Printer, which increase in number as you progress through the game. BY ALL MEANS PURCHASE THIS GAME IF YOU OWN A GBC or GBA.
Forget all those 3D games that are practically carbon copies of one another, constantly ripping off the character concepts that Street Fighter invented.  This is the definitive fighting game for the Playstation.The graphics will be familiar to anyone who's played Street Fighter or the Alpha series, but they do have a newer, fresher anime style about them.  The large anime drawing of the characters after they win a match is also very cool.  They animate very well, much better than in Marvel vs. Capcom.  The sound effects are also great, and the music is excellent.  My only minor complaint about the music is that the classic character themes are gone.  I preferred the old classic songs to these new ones.  But, that's not too big of a deal.Anyone who says this game has no depth simply doesn't have a clue about its system.  Each character has three different fighting styles, each with distinct advantages and disadvantages.  Some moves and super moves are only available in certain fighting styles.  Some fighting styles are better for attacking, and others are better defense, counters, and reversals.The super moves are not as spectacular as a Capcom vs. title, but they're still excellent in themselves.  They are also not insanely powerful, unless the character has been trained and leveled up a whole lot.  Which brings me to my next favorite aspect of this game:The World Tour mode.  This was a great addition to Street Fighter.  Some say it's been ripped off from Soul Edge or Soul Caliber, but considering how badly other games have ripped off Street Fighter over the years (all the SF clones on the SNES, and even Tekken rips off the characters now), I don't think that argument can stand.  This mode allows you to choose a character and go on a world tour, fighting lots of matches with different stipulations, such as super combos only, multiple opponents, etc.  As you do this, your character raises levels and gains new abilities, perhaps being able to use some abilities that his fighting style would not normally allow.  You also gain the ability to change your balance of power, making your character lean more toward offense to hit harder, or defense to take less damage, or remain neutral.In fact, this game has all sorts of cool extra features to be unlocked, as well as secret characters.  Now, there are not many secret characters at all, but those that are there are far better than most of the ones in Tekken (Come on now--you can't seriously hope to compare Gon, Mokujin, or even True Ogre to Shin Akuma).  The other features include the Dramatic Battle, which lets you fight 2 on 1 against the computer at high difficulty, the Survival Mode, which lets you see how far you can get as both the difficulty and number of simultaneous opponents increase, and the Final Battle, which simply lets you choose any character and fight the last boss so that you don't have to play them all the way through the Arcade Mode.  With all these cool extras, plus the fact that the Arcade Mode actually has a good story behind it, this game never runs out of replay value.  You're always looking for something new to try, or just to pop the game in for a quick play.One of the coolest aspects of this game is its characters.  There is a huge variety to choose from, and each is played differently than the next.  At the same time though, none of the characters really seem silly or out of place, except perhaps Rainbow Mika...  That's a matter of opinion I guess.Overall, this is the best Street Fighter game I've ever played, and the best fighting game in general that I've ever played.  It's easily worth 5 stars, perhaps with a half a star removed for not using the classic tunes.
streetfighter is a must have for the streetfighter fan everywhereif you had this in the day of ps1 and your into streetfighter old school ,you will love this title!!come complete with unlockable features and alpha combos!!
Street fighter alpha 3 might be the best street fighter out there to date. It has awesome game modes cool levels and best of all its the never ending fun of a 2d fighter. The graphics are what you would expect froma 3d fighter a little choppy and an occasional glitch or two or maybe an occasional mergence of fighters but all in all its one of my favorite game out there. Ihave been an avis street fighter fan all the way back to the SNES version of street fighter 2 turbo! i would encourage anybody to get street fighter alpha 3 because its fun and hey its down to 20 bucks now!
Street Alpha 3 really rocked in the Arcades and when they brough it to the homes of millions on the PSone, it still rocked, it looked great and of course how could you forget the many characters you had to choose from. In total (I want to say) 34 or 35? total characters including hidden characters. A definite up scale from the original Street Fighter Alpha where there's only 8 or 10 characters and 2 of which you could've easily done without (Sodom and Birdie).Also in this one, the special moves changed because now you got to chose which set you wanted which was cool for some characters and detrimental to the success of some of the other characters.I'd still definately get this one because it's that good and even so, how could you not continue to collect the Street Fighter series? PLEASE! You know you want to so go ahead and get it!
Now most people will read the title and think he must talking about the game. After all this is the third game in the Alpha series. No, I called this review that because this is my third copy of Alpha 3 lol. I had the Alpha Anthology first, then I got Alpha 3 Max on the PSP, now I have this. So, why get this game. Simply put I have an arcade stick and I want to play it with that on my PS3. So, I had to buy it again in order to do that. This game plays like and dream and looks great. I am impressed at how well the PS1 handled this game. It looks like the Anthology version which I would assume is the best, just because the hardward in more advanced. You really cannot tell the difference between the two other than load times existing in this version and not in that one. Ima keep this brief if you like Street Fighter you need to own this. This really needs to be a game Capcom puts online. I don't know if there is much of an out cry for it but there should be. Its up there to me as one of the all time greats. With Capcom vs SNK 2 and other great 2-D games of that era. Its fun, its bright and viberant its just one of the best SF games ever made period.
I owned this game and it was a challenging, fun game. Modes like the one where you have to beat people using only combos is a true challenge. The game itself is loaded with a lot of characters which is cool.
While eveverybody says Street Fighter III the 3rd strike is there favorite SF game & I do think it should be up there with Street Fighter II & IV Street Fighter Alpha 3 is my favorite Street Fighter game the Alpha series takes place before Street Fighter II basically the Alpha series as a whole tells the story of Akuma killing Ryu & Ken's master & Akuma going around & killing people & M.Bison taking over Shadowloo trying to capture Ryu for his Psycho Drive Ryu travelling around the world to be the best Ken's desire for a rematch with Ryu. Charlie Nash & Chun Li investigating Shadowloo & trying to bring Bison to justice. Sagat after losing to Ryu joins Shadowloo Cammy turning against Shadowloo. Now I just want to put this little update I want to talk about the other version of Street Fighter Alpha 3 the Japaneese only Sega Saturn port. The Playstation version is very good but this is my opinion this is the best port. When you start out Guile Evil Ryu are already in the game. This version is almost arcade perfect & you don't have to unlock any of the characters. Evil Ryu being in this game fits for future referance in the later games espically Street Fighter IV. Guile figures into the plot he's going to find Charlie who The Military think has goneAWOL Charile's fate is different if you play as Guile. It does add plot points & connects to SF II very well. It plays well it's perfect for the Ascii arcade stick or the regular Saturn controller. This is closer to the arcade version it does play better than the Playstatin version. You will need a Action Replay 4MB RAM cart if you choose to get this but this game can be expensive I got mine for $130 I believe it depends on how big of a Street Fighter fan you are I mean if you have Street Fighter Alpha 1&2 on Saturn it's a great finish to the series. It is my favorite game in the Alpha series.Pretty much the entire Alpha series is story driven & I can't do the games justice but I do recommend it to Street Fighter fans or anybody that's serious about getting into fighting games in general.
Alpha 3 is the culmination of everything Capcom had worked towards with their fighting games. Everyone knows Capcom has the habit of sticking to similar concepts for several games in a row (Mega Man, Resident Evil, etc), but in no other case has the last game in a series before a major change been so fulfilling.Street Fighter Alpha 3 is (in my opinion) the best Street Fighter game available (including the recently-released SF2 HD Remix). The gameplay is a blend of the slow-paced and strategic Street Fighter 2 and the more varied and frenetic Alpha series. Air combos, alpha counters, and flashy finishing moves combine with superior character balancing and deep fighting strategy.The main "arcade" experience can be brutally hard, as it would be in the wishes of any Street Fighter fan. The two-player experience is also extremely fun, as players new to the Alpha series can choose different fighting modes, one of which (X-ism) is more aligned with classic SF2 balancing. Other modes include A-ism, the Alpha standard, and V-ism, a mode that enhances a player's ability to chain standard and special moves together for lethal damage.Alpha 3 introduced an incredible World Tour mode, enabling players to tour the world (if you will) fighting various characters under various conditions. These tasks may be as simple as defeating an opponent to as complex as defeating three opponents with only super combo moves whilst your character is low on health. Completing these objectives unlock abilities that can be linked to your character, such as automatic blocking, taking zero damage while blocking, infinite guard, and more. On top of that, characters built up during World Tour mode are playable in other many of the other modes.The other gameplay modes include training, boss battle, survival, and more. Two-player battles can also accommodate multiple player characters, in both versus and cooperative (ie P1 and P2 vs C1 and C2, or P1 and P1 vs P2 and P2). Two-player back in the days of SSF2:Turbo was the only way to play, but Alpha 3 dramatically increased the available options for single players. These lend towards the game's long life, as one player can play in various modes ranging from standard arcade style to fighting bosses to survival mode and more.In essence, Street Fighter Alpha 3 defines fighting games of the Playstation era. It is a smooth balance of speed and strategy. Though the graphics are dated by today's standards, two-dimensional games tend to age gracefully, and this game is no exception. Street Fighter fans owe it to themselves to own a copy of Alpha 3, if not to check a popular franchise's history, then to own the best Street Fighter game ever made.
but still excellent.  Highly recommende for th fighter fan who still plays the old PS One.  Great graphics, sound and uber-fast gameplay.Great shipping and condition of product.
...and I remember when Street Fighter II appeared in Arcades some...uh...was it 15-16 years ago or more? , with cast of INCREDIBLE 8 characters and INCREDIBLE 6 attack buttons. My cousin had to master ALL 8 fighters and asked me 'Which end would u like to see?'Alpha series brought modernisation AND super-attack option, which you can use when your super meter is up.Alpha 3 is the best sequel,  and don't download ROM for arcade, since PS version has several fighters more than arcade version.I know this is age of Tekken 5 and Virtua fighter Evolution, but if you can run PS games, BUY SFA 3!
Alpha 3 has a roster that will take you months to master each character. I haven't seen so many Street Fighter characters (31) in one game before for the PS and PS2. The unique feature of this game is the ISM system where you can choose which finisher move you want. The best feature is the World Tour which is practically a Street Fighter RPG (why can't the new Street Fighter games have this?!) where you level up your character as you win matches.
If you are a Street Fighter die hard fan, then this game must be in your collection.  As a SFII fan myself, I rate this the best compared to even the Playstation 2 versions.  It is simply the most playable and the most fun incarnation of the game.  Do yourself a favor and get this one.  You won't regret it.
To be perfectly frank, the Microsoft Sidewinder is the most underrated  joystick ever made. My previous joystick was a Logitech Wingman Extreme.  Within six months of purchase, the Wingman was falling apart - calibration  was non-existent and the rubber case was disintegrating.So I bought the  Microsoft Sidewinder Pro. And what a fantastic joystick it was - it's  excellent for flight/space simulators like I-War or X-Wing: Alliance. The  precision of this joystick is amazing.So, if you're looking for a  high-quality joystick at a reasonable price, get this one. It's still one  of the most robust and reliable joysticks on the market.
This joystick is great for all kinds of games particularly flight sims. I love its rudder controls. All you have to do is twist the stick left or right. It has tons of buttons, all fully programmable. If you want to buy a  joystick, definetly purchase this one, don't get the force feedback, that  stick is just plain annoying.
I'm not a great fun of Microsoft but I have to admit that they did a great job with this joystick, just for once. I bought the Saitek Cyborg 3D. Same price. It was horrible. Unstable. It was cool looking but what's the use a  cool joystick when you can't land your plane with it because it sends  random signals to your pc? Sidewinder is precise and reliable.  Also it's  multipurpose. I use it for Falcon 4 and Need for Speed and it's great with  both.
I have 'flown' regularly for almost 4 years on AirWarrior,  using the same stick (non-USB model). It works as well as it did on day #1. The Microsoft site has an updated Win98 control panel for programming the stick (fast, free and easy download) painlessly. It is bullet-proof.
After I oiled up the joystick, it was much more responsive afterward. the controller worked well when I got it, but now it works even better.
Over the years, there has been many video game systems, starting from the Atari in the early 1980s to the Playstation 2 in the early 2000s. Each one has a unique controller. The early ones, such as NES and Super NES are awkward. Same with the Playstation, Playstation 2, and the Dreamcast. But when we come to the Nintendo 64 controller, we find something completely different. The designers seem to have gotten the shape just right so that your hands can fit comfortably in the best position to play games, with each button placed at the most convenient places so you don't have to reach for them. And unlike the old controllers, your hands aren't cramped so the only pain you feel is if you're playing Mario Party without the gloves.And black is just a cool color.Alas, my controller has been the victim of my frustrations, so I would need a new one,.
It was as described and as well as clean, great product!  I've been playing with it for a few weeks now and it feels nostalgic to be using a like new controller!
This is the best used controller I have bought in my hunt.  The stick worked great as well as all the buttons.  I am very happy with this.  Thank you so much.
Controller was much needed after tossing it on the floor a few times LOL It is still working so it was a good buy.
The seller I bought it from sold it to me with brand-new conditions, but what else can I say, it's a black controller that suits me well.
Just as difficult as I remember.
This is one of the Great Games to have ever come out.  It is not enough to even call it a true "classic".  It's not only an absolute top quality puzzle-style game, but it has a great story, unique and original characters and settings, and beautiful graphics.  And just the originality of that beautiful new world, "mythology", and fantastic concepts make this game a cut above the rest!Why is it "Great"?  It's a real puzzle game.  Not that there's always one solution, or a right or wrong way to do things, but it is a game that focuses on technique, creative thinking, finesse, and (sometimes) quick reflexes.  There is no life bar; the game doesn't focus on that, or combat, it focuses on simply being able to figure out a solution and being able to execute it.  And it's fun, not boring and repetitive, but also very challenging.  And you have unlimited lives, which makes for playing with friends a lot of fun as you can pass around the controller to see who has the best ideas and skills.  It is as much fun to watch as it is to play.One of the original concepts behind the game was that the main character was supposed to be "non-violent", but that isn't entirely the case as there is violence of a sort.  The main character just isn't directly violent.  But this is one of the highlights of the game, not a detraction (as I, and most gamers, would normally consider it to be).  You can't just plow your way through levels: you have to think, watch, time your actions, and adapt to the challenges.  But, when you do get those few opportunities to just gun your way through a level, it only makes it that much more fun.And the game is tight.  The controls are very well done.  You can easily master the fast maneuvers to co-ordinate with the necessary actions and specific spacing needed.  You'll get frustrated in some hard areas, but you will be able to play fast and risky (just kind of show off) or you can play slow and cautious.  It's all up to you and if you want to take your time and get through it with as few attempts as possible or if you want to just try to fly through an area and risk killing yourself a lot.  Sometimes luck favors the brave.And the game environment is solid.  A very well done and/or tested.  I don't recall ever finding anything that was glitchy.If you like quality puzzle-focused games that have straight-forward challenges (the game doesn't scale or do anything cheap to mess with you - try to "make the game more challenging"), and enjoy a good storyline (with great humor that doesn't take away from the game), you really should check out Abe in Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee (and Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus).  It is a really great game that is nothing but quality.  This is definitely one of those rare games worth owning and replaying.
Oh boy, what's not to love about this game? It's an instant classic.In Oddworld, you play a slave called Abe, who works at the meat-processing plant Rupture Farms. Abe's a Mudokon, hardly your typical cute platform hero, but a gangly, orange-eyed, green-skinned creature with a samurai's tuft of hair and the posture of an ape. The story's premise is that the factory's owners have found a tasty new treat to whip into production since they ran their last "dish" into extinction. The problem is, it's you. Or more precisely, the Mudokons. When an eavesdropping Abe finds this out, he starts ham-stepping stage left, right quick, proving that curiosity can save the cat, too. Your goal, as Abe, is to escape Rupture Farms, liberating as many fellow Mudokons as possible, and find a way to bring down the entire plant. But playing a Christ figure isn't as easy as we'd all like to think. Using a limited vocabulary set, Abe must convince the Mudokons to follow him to safety, all the while racing through the factory flipping switches, avoiding obstacles, evading heavily armed guards, and staying alive.Give me more, we need more games like this one.
a fun and extremely weird game. if I remember it right you had to get pretty far in the game before you were able to save, but the fact that you can die as many times as you want made up for that.its good that you can die a lot, because you WILL die a lot! anything and everything kills Abe in one shot. great gameplay and a really funny story.
I remember playing this game in my teens, still as fun now as it was for me back then.  Thank you!
thank you so much i haven't played this game for a very long time and haven't been able to find it anywhere until i came across your site sooo thank you very much.
After 90 or so inaccurate reviews, I have this to say : Epic Superman has awesome graphics, gameplay, voice-acting; and it's flight engine -- something alot people don't seem to understand so they bash the game; well, you see : people like me and Mah boi, Superman, can actually fly therefore we can accurately review Epic Superman. This game also has multi-player, which is nearly as good as Black Ops. If only there were online play.. -- I have to say, THIS is an accurate simulation of flight and the BEST game on a Nintendo console. Ever.
This needs to be remade on the current systems.  This game alone is reason enough to invest in a Nintendo 64 gaming system.  The controls are amazing and the gameplay is addictive.  5/5.
This game is so much fun you get to fly through rings then try to stop a car from hitting a business man but you never can its great!
I had this on the Sega CD Rom and I think that this is one of the best games ever released.  If you haven't played it..... GET IT, and if you have, then get it again.  Althought the story line in Lunar 2 is better the actually game play is a lot more fun in this one.  If you are looking for an RPG to play then this is definetly one that you should try.
Originally released on the Sega CD, the developers thought that there could be some enhancements. So it ended up here and although graphically it looks like it came from the Sega CD era, the other enhancements and not to mention the great story and characters is more than enough to get this. Just good luck finding it, since it was in such demand, Working Designs stopped making them and made it incredibly rare to find.The story starts off in the town of Burg where the hero, Alex, dreams of becoming like his hero, Dragonmaster Dyne, who died under mysterious circumstances. Then the hero searches for the White Dragon to become like his hero and from there, he ends up in a battle for the entire land of Lunar. It seems like a straightforward story with plot twists you'll probably see a mile away but the way that it's executed is so masterful.There's some much needed humor in the game involving some pop culture references, such as when a traveller tells Nall(a flying cat) how much licks does it take to get the the center of a Tootsie Pop when it was an owl in the commercial.The music isn't incredibly memorable but it adds life and great background to each location and event the music is featured. The voice acting is amazing some great voices. The one thing that feels odd to me is the voice of Alex, Ashley Angel, is a member of the boy-band O-Town. Although it isn't the most baddest thing in the world, it feels odd.Don't expect mind-blowing visuals. These look quite old but they don't retract from the gameplay. The anime scenes though are incredibly beautiful that range from simple character intros to big plot points. The animation seems so colorful and vibrant rather than looking a little too &quot;adult&quot;. Even has some CG elements like Luna's song on the boat or something further in the game I'm not spoiling for you.If you can find it or borrow off somebody, play this immediately and experience the world of Lunar.
I'm one of the ten or so people who actually bought a Sega CD and, like many (if not all), I believe this was the best RPG for that otherwise disappointing system. Lunar: Silver Star Story Complete brings me back to the good ol' days of RPGs before the likes of Final Fantasy VII and VIII were called the best RPGs ever by newbie gamers who just don't know any better. The story was flawless and breathtaking then, and yet, somehow, it all seems better this time around. What makes Lunar Lunar though is the fact that Working Designs was behind it. They can translate even the lamest games and make them playable (I even bought Shining Wisdom for my Saturn just because of Working Designs!). The people at Working Designs are a bunch of comedians. There are so many jokes in this game it's unbelievable (second only to Final Fantasy IX in humor). The game has received an upgrade in every single way, most notably, the graphics. Yes, the graphics aren't an important part of any game, but it's nice to see that they got an uplift this time around. Back to the story though. Everything about the story is perfect, it's beautiful, it's touching, and it's one of the best in any game I have ever seen. I could go into more detail...but you should really play it for yourself. What surprised me about playing Lunar again was the length of the game. It's pretty long. While not as long as its sequel, it still offers days of fun like I had with the original version. The characters themselves are great. Typical of their RPG times? Yes, but great nonetheless. Especially Alex and Nall, who I just loved. The difficulty of the game is very applaudable as well. Not incredibly difficult, but it's not easy either, and that's just another reason why I love this game so much. The one thing that didn't stand the test of time was the battles. They're very straight-forward and basic, nothing to it at all. It's just tap...tap...tap. Boring indeed. Thankfully the random number of battles isn't frequent. The packaging also needs mention. Lunar:SSSC comes with a nice box that contains a 100+ page leatherette hardbound artbook/instruction manual, a making of Lunar CD, a music CD, and a full-color cloth map. Who loves ya? Working Designs! Unfortunately, new-school gamers might be put off by Lunar's old-school look and feel continuously asking &quot;Where's Bahamut Zero?&quot; This is unfortunate because it looks like Lunar might go back to the cult status it had on the Sega CD instead of selling by the truckloads like it deserves. Oh well...definitely their loss. Nevertheless, this is a masterpiece. Lunar:SSSC should be as mandatory as the controller for PSX owners. Truly one of the best RPGs of all time...hey, you know the drill: If you're a gamer, you owe it to yourself to buy this. Oh yes, don't forget to pick up the sequel as well.
I had just started playing rpg's when I picked this one up, it was probably my third or fourth rpg that I played. I absolutely fell in love with this game the moment it started. I never played the orignal or second on the Sega CD.Storyline: What can I say, its your typical boy loves girl, girl gets kidnapped and boy saves world and girl. Fortunately, rpg's are great not because of the story but how the story is told and Working Designs did a brilliant job in the storytelling. They took the story and put a few twists here and there but not to the extreme or completely insane, they left it a simple story and made it an epic masterpiece. Lastly, this game has one of the most memorable villians in an rpg to date. Ghaleon is a great villian who has a great background story that unfolds extremely well during the game and in my eyes he ranks right up there with Sephiroth.Combat system: For whatever reasons Working Designs left it simple and turn based and keeping to the sprites instead of trying to make the fights 3-D. With games like FFVII, Legaia and others going 3-D this gave a lot of ridicule to the game itself, a very unfortunate thing too. It was nice for the characters to have only certain things they could do, like Alex could only use special sword attack and no magic as where Jessica could only use magic. It kept the fighting more tactical and also made everyone in the group important and not just a space filler.Graphics: Working Designs kept to the sprites and kept it looking a 32 bit rpg. They did do something to keep the story moving along with anime clips, wonderfully done by the way, which they used to introduce characters and to help the storytelling.Music: The battle music gets repetitive and so does the traveling music as I think they could've done a better job in that department. The voice acting was done really well but the women's voices do get a bit high pitched at times and it happens to the guys on occasion.The characters were developed nicely, each having their own background story which adds to your liking and caring about each of your character in your party. You can easily put 50+ hours in the game and also there are whats called Bromides to collect. Bromides are anime pictures in the game which you can collect throughout your travels-I believe there are 12 in all.Extras Disc: I watched it and enjoyed the voice actors and developers talking about how much fun they had making the game and what they did to add what they thought would help the game out.This game despite its old-school graphics and traditional fighting system gets a 5 out of 5 for its wonderful story and loveable characters.
Lunar silver star story complete is the best remake ever! Blows away the original in every possible aspect, from graphics to story.+ one of the best 2d graphics ever, everything is crisp and detailed with great anime sequence+ new soundtrack is great, the only song boat blow me away+one of the best cast of characters ever+ a great story reworked, a great improvment over the original+ no random battle+ the battle are pretty difficult ( specially the boss battle)+ voice acting is good+ new extras+ great package- the gamplay is on the simple side- again a little sidequestsnow, my classification of the first lunar versions.lunar silver star story complete (ps) 10/10 masterpiece !lunar silver star harmony (psp) 8/10 downgraded version of the playstation masterpiecelunar the silver star (sega cd) 7/10 good.. but very obsolete, overshadowed by silver star storylunar legend (gba) 0/10 pure garbage.
I'm a little late in reviews since I played its GBA remake Lunar Legend first. (I luckily got this game in trade from my local Game Express) Well anyway from the other reviews you know the basicsMusic and Sound-5This music rocks I especially like the final battle theme Go! Go! Go!Graphics-4.5Very nice (since being a Playstation game the areas can be more exspansive than the tiny GBA thus allowing anime cut-scenes and more free roaming through places, but the GBA is nothing to be scoffed at having better sprites and brighter colors)Storyline-5Very good stroyline (I'm kinda surprised since I usually hate love stories) The story is as soild as this game can get. And unlike SOME RPGs *coughfinalfatasycough* You won't get bored and say "Oh please" at a useless plot twist that just makes you lose intrest in the game.Well now let's see if I can test my luck and find Lunar 2: Eteranl Blue (Or maybe, hopefully they'll just remake it for the GBA and call it Lunar Legend 2)Coolest Charcter-TempestFav Character- All of 'em especially Nash, Kyle Alex, Jessica and TempestFav music fron game- "Go! Go! Go!", "Solitary Wolf", "Fighting Spirits", Magical Weapon Nash", "It's Me" "Modern Boy" and "Mia's theme" (forgot name).
If you've played the original Lunar for Sega CD, I need only say: &quot;Buy this collector's edition now!&quot;  For those of you who are unfamiliar with Lunar, it's a classic old school RPG with 2D graphics and turn based battles. There are some differences between the Sega CD version and the Playstation one though.  The graphics and color have recieved a noticable face lift, some areas have been edited or cut altogether, and a few items have also been left out.  The music (a prime feature in the Sega CD version) has been reworked also, sometimes for the better, sometimes for the worse.  Another new feature is how you encounter enemies. You no longer are forced into random battles...enemies are now only in dungeons and can be seen by icons and therefore avoided in many cases.  Overall, this a great package even if the price tag is high.  The music CD and the documentary disc are nothing monumental, but fans will appreciate it.  If you have not played Lunar before and are a fan of RPGs, get this Playstation version while it's still available and find out why it created a cult following on the Sega CD.
i love this game and series, i shortly ordered the 2nd complete copy as well. it has treated me well with a wonderful story and great characters. i recommend this game and franchise to all my friends and fellow gamers.
This is one of the best games ever to come out on a console system! The characters, the anime's, and the simple and easy to learn battle system. There are many anime sequences with dialouge, and they are FUNNY. The battle system is a simple turn based combat which can be very amusing. The plot is great but the graphics are old saturn style but still rock. This game is worth your money.
I thoroughly enjoyed this game!  The packaging and extras you get with it are very nice.  The storyline was extremely well written, and it was easy for me to connect with the characters on an emotional level.  The music in this game is some of the best I have ever heard for an RPG.  Definitely a good buy!
Honestly I miss RPGs like Lunar, now days most RPGs like the newer Final Fantasies feature a story that is too complicated and sometimes weird to thoroughly enjoy.  Lunar keeps in simple, by making the story a tried and true good versus evil story, and by doing an excellant job on developing the charectors within the game.  I guess its simplicity could be the downside for some gamers, but I personally enjoy a great old school RPG like Lunar from time to time.
I found the lack of polygons and elaborate battle techniques a blessing in the Silver Star Story!  I'd rather see a realistic cartoon than an annoying, jerky 3-D anytime.  The music is beautiful and I'd catch myself humming the opening theme occasionally at work.  The anime artwork in some of the scenes is breathtaking and the storyline is engaging.  I am looking forward to the sequel which will be coming out around the 29th of November.
This is an all-time classic game.  I have played more puzzle games than I can count in my head and this game has by far the best puzzles of them all.  The graphics, sound, and interaction of this game are stunning.  The way that you have to collect information from every available source to solve a puzzle makes the game extraordinary (many puzzle games do not work that way).One aspect of the puzzles in this game that makes it different from many other games is that you cannot guess to solve a puzzle.  With many games, you can get past a tough point just buy clicking on every item in your inventory until you guess the right one.  Eventually, you guess right, and you're on to the next puzzle.  In Myst, you must decipher them the old-fashioned way!I agree with other reviewers, however, that this game has zero replayability.  It should take you long enough though so that you won't feel like you didn't get your money's worth.
This is the first PC game I ever bought. With it's awesome graphics and compelling story, it's easy to see why this is the top selling game of all-time. In it's time, this game and The 7th Guest changed the way gaming was to be. Most point and click games you see today are following these 2 trend setting games, but it's very hard for them to match up to what these games accomplished. It has some very tough puzzles and about the only lacking was there isn't much going on when you click on an area except for sound which is a key for most of the puzzles you will be solving. If you like point and click games with puzzles to solve, this is the game for you. A thoroughly enjoyable game that I have played close to a dozen times.
Ok, I have played Myst a good bit, so I can personally atest to the complexity of this game. I will half to admit, that I used the strategy guide a great deal to help me, because some parts were just impossible. First of all, you half to be extremely knowledgeable before you even attempt to play this game. There are things that i don't even understand, and im not dumb. But the most difficult thing is tying together little pieces of the game to figure out one piece of the puzzle. I really like this game, and have yet to beat it. The music is haunting almost, and makes you feel like you are there, walking in a realistic 3D enviorment surrounded by things that you have no idea what they are, but will tie into the game as it progresses. There are also 5 completly diffrent &quot;Ages&quot; : Myst island, The Selentic Age, The Stoneship age, The Mechanical Age, and The Channelwood Age. This is a very complex and difficult, and i would warn anybody who play it to be ready for a good challenge.
This game is exellent. However I recommend buying the updated version &quot;realMYST&quot;. This version you can't pan around to gage your surroundings. They are both the same game, but the graphics in the updated realMYST is a vast improvement over this version.
One of the best adventure games ever! Shame it's for older computers and it makes me miss mine. If the gaming companies ever remake Myst for XP I'd buy it again in a heartbeat.
Released back in 1995, Myst is a classic game that revolutionized the gaming industry. Rand and Robyn Miller created a new type of game which diverted from the typical mass market and took off into a fascinating and innovative direction. It's hailed as a landmark in the industry and praised for both its aesthetics and story.I think that Myst is best described as an experience rather than merely a video game. Its creators strived to develop a world rich with detail and intrigue, with a subtle narrative intertwined into the strange yet beautiful surroundings. As the game begins, you are dropped onto the island of Myst without very much information to guide you. What immediately strikes you as unique about this experience is that there are no friendly characters to help you on your way, no enemies to fight, and not a very clear purpose. The game is largely about just exploring your surroundings and experimenting with different devices around the various worlds. This is what makes the game so immersive. The graphics of Myst, though not quite as extravagant as today's, were definitely of high quality. Cyan built its 3D world through an extensive layout of still images and QuickTime movies, and the end result is simply amazing. Navigation is node-based, meaning that you don't necessarily walk through the environment but rather point and click your way through your surroundings. Each new section loads as if you really had relocated, giving the appearance of movement. Making a 3D world in this manner might seem strange, but at the time it was a necessary shortcut to make it possible to run the game on computers without a lot of RAM and processor power. Even by today's standards, I still think the environments look impressive.So what exactly does the gameplay entail? As you explore the island, you discover two journals with missing pages, each of which belong to Atrus's sons, Sirrus and Achenar. Your main objective is to travel through the different worlds, or Ages, and retrieve the missing pages from each book. As you recover each page, you learn more about each brother, and you must try to discover who is lying and who is telling the truth. In the end, it will be up to you to decide their respective fates. Your journey is not easy, for you will have to solve rather challenging puzzles in order to progress throughout the worlds. This can often be frustrating, for the puzzles' solutions are not always intuitive. It will take much patience and observation, and perhaps even a little help.The sounds in this game are mysterious and enchanting. The soundtrack consists of strange, sometimes haunting tunes that blend in remarkably well with each respective area. Moreover, the sounds are integral to the gameplay, for some of the puzzles involve listening in addition to seeing. You will need to observe and interpret different sounds and apply that information to the challenges you face. This is yet another way in which you can truly become immersed within the game. The music makes your surroundings feel foreign and believable.Myst was groundbreaking for its time, and it started an incredible journey that would spark several sequels. It's an experience that is visually, musically, and intellectually stimulating, and though the game is a bit dated now, I still think it's worth playing if you enjoy a good challenge. As many have mentioned, the ending is somewhat anticlimactic, but at the same time it will most likely make you want to continue the adventure with Riven.
This game was fantastic! Myst was the very first Adventure Game I played. That was 3 years ago. Ever since, I have been hooked on Adventure Games! Myst made me feel like I was actually there. The puzzles were fantastic,rewarding,unique,and challenging. Play this game with the lights down and the music loud. You WILL be there! I LOVE Myst as I did Riven and I cant wait to got back to....MYST III!
Here way before arrival date.  Was a gift for my son and he loved it!  Will order from here again!
What's amazing about how great this game is...well, it's that it does not rely on insane graphics, large amounts of memory, lightning-quick processing speeds, or mind-blowing sound.In fact, this game has none of those things.What it has is the ability to get right under your skin, suck you in, and keep you playing.  What's eerie is how much you feel like you're in the game when the graphics really aren't much to speak of (especially compared to today's games).I played and finished this game back in 1995.  I own other game platforms (PS2, etc) and I have played many other games since then.  None of them is like this one.
I can't remember if Myst was my first PC game.  I know it was the one that got me hooked--to the point where I kept upgrading computers and peripherals just to keep up with the games.  I tried to replay Myst a year ago and found I couldn't figure it out (have I lost that many brain cells over the years?), didn't have the patience or something to keep at it.  But like a first love, I remember it very fondly and treasure it.  It's almost heart breaking to think that some day soon, as Windows continues to do upgrade to different styles of OS, newbies won't be able to experience Myst.  Just like so many young people will never know how it felt when rock'n'roll burst forth.  To confess, I liked the graphics in Riven better.  And I never liked Artus (whatever) or his two sons--thought they were all slackers and whiners with serious emotional problems.  I loved that you could not die and nothing attacked you--really allowed [me] to explore and indulge my curiosity.  Loved the details (little bugs that moved, atmosphere, just everything).  Sound effects and "music"--wasn't Myst one of the first to put visuals and music together?  All in all, many good things started with Myst.  I know it was the first computer game that spent time and money on the graphics (something I always appreciated).  At most places, the game play wasn't strictly linear so you could play in whatever order you wanted.  You could "spin" around and see everything.  It was totally mouse driven.  One feature I loved (but many others complained about) was that it was an empty world, you never had to/got to interact with anyone else in Myst; for me it was somewhere of my own where I could explore to my heart's content, go back and walk around areas that I liked (like "tree" world (can't remember it's actual name) even after you finished that level.  It is an all 'round beautiful game.
Although the technology behind this game is a little dated now, this is still an excellent puzzler for those who like games that don't involve shooting monsters.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoy blowing away bad guys as much as anyone else, but it's nice to play something a little different every once in a while.  This game does not depend at all on weapons or killing anything, nor does it require you to do a lot of jumping or physically manuvering around obstacles.  It is entirely a &quot;thinking&quot; game.  The closest you get to physical action is the fact that some of the puzzles to solve are mazes.You start the game stranded alone on the Island of Myst, with no idea how you got there, and no idea how to get home.  Your only clue is a note found on the ground near the island's library.  From this slender beginning, you learn about the history of the island, about Altus and his two feuding sons, Sirrus and Achernar, and the four mysterious Ages you must visit and explore.  Be sure and explore the Library thoroughly.  Check everything.  The books in the library contain important clues.  They are not strictly necessary to solve the game, but they help out a lot, especially the Mechanical Age (with the rocket ship).  Personally, I found the Channelwood Age the most difficult, but all of the Ages can be solved with a little logic, and thorough exploration.  Each Age is also filled with little trinkets and gadgets that don't really help you solve the game, but they reveal a LOT about the personalities of Sirrus and Achernar.Visually, the game is absolutely gorgeous.  Each Age has an entirely different look and feel to it.  The user interface is extremely simple and intuitive.  The haunting soundtrack and well-done QuickTime animations also add a lot to the overall feel of the game.The only people you will actually interact with at all in the game are the aforementioned Altus, Sirrus, and Achernar.  This leads me to my one and only complaint about the game.  I wish the Millers had spent a little more money to hire some better actors to play these roles, as all three of them are badly overacted.  But, that's a minor gripe.  Altus' acting is so bad, it's actually funny.Once you've played through this game a couple of times, it becomes pretty easy.  However, I still maintain that the game does have a lot of replay value.  Why?  Becuase once you have figured everything out and memorized the solutions to all the puzzles, you can get to the end in about 3 or 4 hours, tops.  But that 3 or 4 hours is time well spent immersed in the game's beautiful environment.I've noticed several people who have mentioned that the game does not run well on Windows 98.  I've encountered this problem too.  If you install the game from the automatic installation dialog box that comes up when you insert the Myst CD, the game will play OK for a little while, but will eventually crash.  However, I was able to find a solution.  If you're running Windows 98 or newer, do NOT install from the dialog box.  Instead, go to the Install subdirectory on the CD, find the &quot;install.exe&quot; file there, and click on it to install the game that way.  The installation procedure is slightly different.  You'll know you are doing it the different way when the game installes to a new directory called c:\myst.  If you use the automatic dialog box, it will install to a different subdirectory.  I installed the game using this alternate procedure, and it has been running fine with Windows 98.  I hope this helps anyone out there experiencing problems.  It would be a shame to miss out on a game as good as this one becuase of operating system problems.
Myst is an awesome game of puzzle solving and exploration.  What's nice about Myst is that it is completely violence-free and peaceful.  This is a must have!
There are very experiences in this world that are completely original.  In terms of adventure PC gaming, however, "Myst" is utterly without equal and (if you are the right kind of person) will quickly become one of the most endearing experiences of all your entertainment pastimes.Before "Myst", computer gaming usually was in the form of either first-person shooters ("Wolfenstein"), adventures aimed more towards children ("Kings Quest"), and the tons and tons of shareware/pong/simulator games that flooded the market in the early-to-mid 1990s.  In "Myst", though, gamers are simple dropped into an environment where little to no information is given to them, thus requiring much exploring and a logical mind to determine not only the overall point of the game, but also how all the levers and puzzles work in conjunction with each other.For a basic plot summary, you ("the Stranger") suddenly appear in a universe where a man named Atrus can pen books that actually spring to life.  However, many of his worlds are dying/unstable and you must determine the cause.  Is it Atrus himself who has gone mad and imprisoned his sons in his own prison books, or are the sons locked away for good reason?  The "Stranger" must explore a series of five islands and piece together the mystery one puzzle and logical deduction at a time.This Myst series is not for everyone, by any means.  If you are a bit lacking in patience and want a lot of action, this is not the game for you.  It can get a bit tedious at times and one has to resist (especially nowadays when walk-throughs are available with a few mouse clicks) the urge to look up hints all the time (as that truly destroys the beauty of the experience), so if you want to be blasting baddies or wreaking war/havoc, look elsewhere are the risk of severe disappointment.For those who really appreciate this kind of "thinking-person's" game, "Myst" is unrivaled (and I have tried MANY of its subsequent clones) in the industry because of its riveting storyline.  A lot of other games have tried to duplicate the "puzzling" style of "Myst", but only "Myst" has been able to successfully capture the emotion of compelling characters that never seem to get old.Overall, I consider "Myst" to be one of my all-time favorite PC games because of its groundbreaking intuitive style.  In hindsight, at least two of its sequels surpass this original, but "Myst" is always special because it set the groundwork for the master series.  If you want your brain/wits to be more involved in a PC game than your trigger finger, then I strongly recommend "Myst" if you haven't tried it to this point.  If you can let yourself become immersed in its worlds, you will get hooked!
This will be short. Simply put, Riven is my all time favorite game. The story is deep. The graphics are excellent. I was fully absorbed. If they could create a game with graphics like these in real time 3d - could you imagine. It's a great game.
I hold a deep affection for this game. My brother bought it for Playstation on a whim, having never either played or heard of Myst (I still haven't played it), and I played the game alongside him, both of us consulting the walkthrough the whole time (something I now do not condone, but we were young - what do you expect?), and thoroughly enjoying it. We had hours of fun playing it over and over, memorizing the steps, the scenes, and every instance of the number 5.This game started my love for everything Myst related, and made me realize that I can play video games too. Until seeing this game, I thought that all video games required finger dexterity and quick reflexes, neither of which do I have.Sure, it may not be the best as far as graphics when compared to newer games, and may not have the three-dimensionality of subsequent Myst games and many newer games, but it still holds a magical quality and the storyline can't be beat. This game is a true classic, and everyone who plays adventure games should play it. As far as storyline and puzzles go, this is what adventure games should be.
I can't recommend this game enough.  You walk away smarter.If you like  a game with a lot of action forget it.  If you like to feel like you  accomplished something, this is the game for you.It's predecessor Myst  was excellent preparation for the type of game this is.  There is no  &quot;Action&quot; per se, just clues and objects to work through.  You  don't get killed, you don't get points.  You do however get an  appreciation for how intricate details can be interlinked.Imagine that  you end up in a land, where you have to put together the pieces to figure  out what happened.  This is both Myst and Riven.If you play Myst  first, it will help you understand what this is all about.  I recommend it  highly.  It will give you a sense of what you are looking for and why.  Myst was a land where you realized that two brothers had done something and  were trapped in books for their efforts.  Their father and mother also were  elsewhere and looking for one another and had left clues in this same area.  Your assignment is to piece together, what happened and use your gut feel  on how to act in regards to that.  There are in fact 4 possible endings to  Myst.In my opinion and from what I have seen at home, unless you have a  very analytical child, this will not hold their interest.  This is an adult  game and not from the perspective that you are protecting the child.  I  honestly think this would be an excellent assignment for a child to hone  their thought processes on.  However the lack of action and need for real  thinking most children will think of as work, not fun.Put on your  thinking caps and dive in.I'm waiting for the next one.
I tell you this, the creators of Riven sure did their homework in the four year gap between the original Myst and Riven. The graphic improved drastically, meaning whatever computer you were running the original Myst in '93/'94 (Myst first appeared on the Mac in '93, then the PC the following year) would probably not be adequate to run Riven. Certainly Myst had made even greater improvements in the graphics department since Riven, like the 360 degree panning feature for Myst III: Exile, and even more photo-realistic graphics and animation for Myst IV: Revelation, but even for 1997 standards the graphics to Riven still hold up, although it's rather obvious the graphics looks a little more pixelated during some of the animated scenes (like when you take a ride on the cable car, probably to keep the animation fast without slowing it down for the computers of the time). But for the most part, the graphics seem so realistic you almost feel like you're there. Of course the big pain is this game consisted of 5 CD-ROM discs, which you have to swap every now and then, it's too bad they didn't have an install feature where you could install all five discs on to hard drive and only need to use one disc to play the game (like the much maligned Schizm: Mysterious Journey, a game from Poland that's very much like Myst, which had five discs in the CD-ROM version, and you had the option for full install so you didn't have to keep swapping discs).It's agreed by most everyone that Riven is more difficult to solve than the original Myst. The puzzles often don't seem obvious, and there are some puzzles that can be frustrating, like the marble puzzle, which you have to solve in order to gain access to the domes found on Riven. Or the animal puzzle, which you'll find a bunch of stones in this one room with animal symbols that you have to push in the right order to go to another world. On the original Myst, after you won it, Atrus tells you that his wife Catherine has been taken prisoner, and on Riven, you're supposed to find and free his wife, taken prisoner by Atrus' father, Gehn. Also it looks like a different guy was playing Atrus on Riven from the original Myst, in fact it was none other than Myst creator Rand Miller who plays Atrus on Riven (as well as Myst III and IV, though I hadn't played Myst V, so I can't tell you about the game or the characters), although I'm uncertain who played Atrus on the original Myst. I really love the ambient music that goes with this, not to mention the beautiful scenery found throughout.Although a bit tricky in places, you're certain to enjoy this game if you're in to Myst.
Though I didn't think it would be possible without adding real pictures, the graphics on Riven exceed those of Myst. Every scene is elaboratly detailed and very pleasing to the eye. The sounds and music are much better and sound even more realistic. They also have added more animation. You see more things moving around that makes it seem like you are more involved in the game. They have also added some very cool features such as a roller coaster type vehicle that lets you travel from island to island and a submarine  used to travel underwater. The game play is much the same as Myst, but sometimes you have to go to one area and do some things to complete a puzzle in another area. You also have to learn the Riven math system to solve other puzzles which I thought was a cool idea. Ultimately, all these things add up to tougher game play, but this game is well worth it.
I just played it in April of 2002 and it stands up over time as the best adventure game ever made! Superb.
Played it for the first time, after it has been out for over ten years.  Great game.  The puzzles are hard, but not impossible to solve.  If you truly love Myst, then you will certainly love this game.  (Do not use walkthroughs, it ruins the game!)  Also, keep in mind that the 5-CD Riven set is for outdated computers.  It will most likely not run on Vista or XP, at least not without some major glitches.  Wish I had played this sooner.
If you think you are smart enough to finish every computer game in the world in a few days, think again.Riven is THE hardest computer game I have ever played. I know someone who got this game and it took him six months to finish it! I myself have not finished it yet.If you get this game(I strongly recommend that you should), you have got to turn off the lights, turn up the sound, and you'll step into the strange world of Riven. It's really cool.This game requires tons of brainwork. If you don't think hard, you'll never finish the game.So, I think you should get this game. The story is great, the graphics are great, hey, EVERYTHING is great!!!
Excellent. Sound story line, great graphics and challenging puzzles. Although I found I had to cheat just a little using the Universal Hint System on the Net. All in all it is well worth the purchase.
Wow, I loved Myst when it first came out but Riven far exceeded my expectations. Gorgeous graphics, hours of gameplay with mind bending, challenging puzzles. A must have for adventure gamers and collectors. A classic to not miss out on. There are hidden clues throughout the game, be open-minded, and try not to go to fast, you could miss a hidden path, or a clue. Your patience and hard thinking will pay off.
Myst set the stage for dozens and dozens of adventure games, and with such an act to follow Cyan had a difficult time topping themselves.  But  amazingly, they did...Riven picks up exactly where the Myst left off.  You are in the chanber with Atrius and he sends you to Riven to try and  trap his father and rescue his wife and the people of the land.  Unfortunately the moment you arrive in Riven you have your trap book taken  from you and embark on an island hopping trip to try and recover it and  confront Gehn once and for all.The thing that makes Riven so beautiful  is that there are living creatures around you now. You can walk around one  corner and see a frightened group of villagers runing away from you and  hiding, you can catch a child peeking out at you from around a corner, bugs  crawl on the walls, and large sea mammals bask on rocks at the  beach.Turn the lights off, crank the speakers up, and play riven...  you'll find yourself lost in the world of puzzles, of frightened natives,  politics... and everything else.  Myst was groundbreaking because it was so  unique, and Riven is likewise because its ALIVE.  Probably the most alive  game I've ever played.
Like the top and first reviewer said, this game is not for everyone. It is almost not a 'game' at all. Everything is in first person as 'you' are moving around the area talking to the very few people you encounter, some nice, some not. The visuals are STUNNING! and the music is just as beautiful. I played many hours at a time and while a lot of the game is crazy difficult (don't get me started on the D'ni numbers) it is still a lot of fun. Let me repeat: the puzzles in this game are HARD they are time consuming, and they seem not to make sense.This is NOT for everyone and only for people with a lot of patience and I would say, avid computer gamers, and avid computer games who can appreciate slow, methodical, thinking games that do offer entertainment and beautiful graphics and music. There is some violence and character interaction, but this is by far no "Halo" "Resident Evil" or "Gears of War". I must say the first time I played I got very far, but then got lost and had to buy a game guide. When I went back to it later I could not figure anything out and got nowhere fast, you don't care about that but I'm baffled I was so lost the SECOND time playing. Anyway, Riven is an old game, but the graphics hold up. If you can get it cheap, go for it. I will say do not be fooled by a look-alike game "Rhem" it is Riven-lite and hardly worth your time. I will also say that even if you are so confused you don't understand anything you're doing or what the story is I still think you'll be entertaining. It is really a cool game to play.
I enjoyed Riven more than Myst. Riven was more difficult than Myst, for me, but I still only needed two hints to complete Riven. I would highly recommend Riven to adventure gamers. It really has set a new standard for the genre. Haven't played Exile yet, but I wanted to complete Riven before moving on to #3. What these Cyan games possess - far above any other adventure games I've played - are smart, subtle story lines that really keep your attention. How refreshing to play a game that respects the player's intelligence and sense of inquisitiveness and adventure. I know I'm hooked when I think about a game throughout my day. Riven does become your world. Finally, like Tolkien's 'The Lord of the Rings,' the Myst games possess subtle yet compelling Christian symbols - a spiritually fulfilling experience.
&quot;Riven&quot; is a continuation of the popular role-playing game, &quot;Myst.&quot;  I didn't think it could outdo its predecessor, as most sequels are never able to quite live up to the original.  But &quot;Riven&quot; more than met that task.  In fact, &quot;Riven&quot; so surpasses &quot;Myst&quot; in scope, storyline and task that it's almost boggling.The game opens with you returning to D'Ni again after transporting through the linking book in the Library on Myst Island.  The ever-knowledgeable Atrus, played by Rand Miller, thanks you for coming back and says he needs your help.  And from then the race is on: You need to find his wife Catherine who is trapped in a prison somewhere on the Riven Age.  Her captor turns out to be Atrus' father, Gehn, a madman who wants to destroy his own son.  Along the way, you encounter people, puzzles, awesome creatures (like Sunners and Wahrks), and dazzling special effects.Just like on Myst Island, the clues you discover on the five islands in Riven are what reveal the story to you.  &quot;Riven&quot; is increasingly more complex than &quot;Myst&quot; in that regard.  Everything is just bigger and, in my opinion, better.  The graphics have improved tremendously; the Quicktime videos used for all the animations in the game are improved; the puzzles are harder and are more integrated into the storyline than ever before; and there is actually character interaction in this game - much more so than simply meeting people through Prison Books, like in &quot;Myst.&quot;&quot;Riven&quot; is definitely habit-forming.  The first time I played it, I ended up just walking around and looking at everything before I decided to actually begin my journey on rescuing Catherine.  When you step out into the open a few minutes after the real action begins, the sense of &quot;this is gonna be bigger and more immersive than Myst&quot; sets in.I cannot say enough positive things about &quot;Riven.&quot;  I end up playing it more than &quot;Myst&quot; and have sometimes preferred it over &quot;Myst III: Exile.&quot;  To say I am fascinated with everything on those five islands is an understatement.  I sometimes with I could actually go to the Riven Age and explore; that's how seriously disturbed I really am!In short, if you love the &quot;Myst Phenomenon,&quot; get &quot;Riven.&quot;  &quot;Riven&quot; improves upon pretty much everything that made &quot;Myst&quot; such an awesome success.  Let it capture your heart and your imagination like it did mine.
This is an older game with great graphics and sound, but it will not run on Windows 7.  It does run on Windows XP and older versions of Windows.  I had this game years ago but the discs were scratched from being used so much, so I bought a new set and am enjoying it all over again.  However, if you purchase this game, it is so hard to solve, you will probably need to buy the user's guide.
I really loved Riven. After playing Myst, I was so excited to get my hands on Riven. The graphics were just as beautiful as Myst. In fact, in Riven, I got a little jumpy at times. There are parts of the game where you know you arent alone. The story line was fantastic and the puzzles also. Adventure gamers, you have got to own this one. Infact...own them both. You wont regret it.
This is by far my favorite out of the Myst series.  Before I knew better, I cheated to get to the ending, looking at walkthroughs.  Unfortunately, it's not like you can 'undo' that memory in your head, and I've forever ruined  the game in my eyes.  The two biggie puzzles in this game involve clues from the whole game you've explored up to that point.  I wish I had taken the time to fully appreciate their solution and not cheat.
I just purchase this game a few weeks ago. It was the first that I played anything related to Myst. This is is user friendly, unlike other games where you have to fumble over the keyboard controls.Beautiful landscapes  and exciting roller coaster like transports from one island to another  makes this game enjoyable and exciting.Clever puzzles are disguised as  Riven's natural habitat.This is a slow pace game not for those who like  face-paced game. As always, this game is fustrating and after a while, you  might get tired with it...But the absorbing story line and the  landscapes should will make you forget all that, and you might never want  to leave Riven, even after you completed Riven many times...
First of all, I would like to point out that I did not play Myst, the first game in the series. I at first was afraid that I would be left confused and in the dark, but the game explains everything you need to know. What I'm trying to say is that, you don't HAVE to have played Myst before Riven (though I suggest it strongly).The game's graphics, first of all, are impossibly real. Everything looks almost like a photograph, from the stone cliffs, to the iron railings on the stairs, to the various transportation rides around the age of Riven.The game is a puzzle game; it is not easy. It is not the kind of game you will sit down at and simply beat. It took me at least six hours without the strategy guide. Just for reference, if one goes through the game and does the ABSOLUTE minimum, i.e. already knows some of the codes and knows exactly what to do when and where, the game will still take about and hour and a half.The gameplay itself, aside from being beautiful and challenging is an extremely easy to use, idiot proof interface of "click where you want to go." The game is a masterpiece, what more can I say?
Pros:1.  Graphics that are fantastically detailed, intricate, and achingly beautiful.  Some astonishing joy rides.  Sound effects and music approach perfection.2.  Gameplay is wonderfully balanced.  You are never bored, and only occasionally frustrated by the harder puzzles.  All the  puzzles are logical, and give you a great feeling of accomplishment when  you solve them.  There is a vast area to explore while you are figuring  things out.  You turn a corner, and startle mysterious creatures who are  sunning themselves on a rock.  You climb up another path, turn, and the  view makes you gasp.3.  Riven creates a fantasy world that is alien; yet  it evokes a sense of reality that is, in my experience, unparalleled in  computer gaming.  I wish I could find a way to live in Riven.Cons:1.  If you like exploring new worlds by dashing through them and shooting  things, you may find that the pace of this particular game is too  slow.2.  While the storyline is intriguing, it is possible to nearly  finish Riven before discovering the diaries that further explain the plot.  I wish I had known more of the background of the story a little sooner in  the game.3.  Riven is so immersive that you forget the everyday world.  Your children will wonder why you haven't cooked dinner.  Your friends will  speculate as to why you have stopped answering the phone.  Your spouse will  become jealous of your relationship with a computer game (easiest solution:  play it together).Bottom Line:  IMHO, this game is IT, the Numero Uno,  the King.  Nobody's made one better.
I admittedly played Myst and was frustrated with it. I was so used to games giving you hints/directions so you knew where you had to go to progress the story. Myst broke that boundary and let you "explore" a world. I never finished it and only got maybe 30-35% through it before I stopped playing.When Riven came out, I initially brushed it off harking back to my Myst experience. Good reviews and in game screenshots of these lavish environments and devices made me want to try it, and I was not disappointed.Riven (at the time it was released) was the only game where I played the entire night, keeping a scratch pad next to my mouse so I could notate things I'd find (designs, shapes, items, even sounds as the guy at Ebgames said he recommended to). While still difficult in terms of puzzles and solving them, I found it easier to progress the story and move into the different time periods.There is a part where you need to remember particular sounds and replay them in order so you can proceed. This took me forever! I couldn't get it right even though I thought I remembered it. It truly tests your mind. Getting by that particular puzzle was very gratifying.In short, if you've played Myst (or even its sequels after Riven), give this one a shot. You will not be disappointed.
I was bored one day, and was watching my mother-in-law play Ape Escape 2.  Looked like it was fun, and less stressful than some of my other games that I like tend to be, and borrowed her copy of the first Ape Escape.It starts out simple enough.  You catch a few slow monkeys and learn your gadgets thru tutorials.  But then it gets difficult.  My 3 year old daughter loves to sit on the bed with spare control in hand and help catch monkeys.  The graphics are nice and the storyline is fun.  The gadgets are cool too.Only one complaint, and that is that the camera angle loves to change when you are at the most challenging parts.  Anytime you need to use your flying thingy and it's for going somewhere difficult, the camera changes and you can't see where your destination is.  It gets a bit annoying after you die a few times, but I did eventually get past the frustration and finished the game. This game is great for young kids and adults alike.
I used to play the h*** out of this game when I was little and even more when I got older. Its one of those game thats old, but never got boring even when I played it multiple times. For those who are new to the series, you might think its just running up to monkeys and catching them with a net. You're partially right. If you go into this game and try to catch every monkey by just running up to them with your net, you will get a game over fast. I own the other 2 games in the Ape Escape series and played them multiple times, so its safe for me to say that Ape Escape 1 is the hardest of the series. Let me go into a little more detail.A little background: I'm not sure about other consoles at the time, but the PS1, unlike todays Sony consoles, had a different control scheme. Instead of using the analogue sticks to move your camera and control your character, you used the arrow buttons. The analogue sticks didn't have much use. Actually with some games no use at all. In other games like Spyro the Dragon you had the option to turn them on, but for some of those games it was glitchy. Ape Escape prooved revolutionary in that it was the first PS1 game to solely use analogue controls and I'm happy it did. I think Ape Escape is the best moving ps1 game I have ever played due to analogue controls. It makes controlling your character and changing camera angles way easier than most games at the time. Now all games use this control scheme for the better.Story summary: 2 boys, Spike and Jake, are heading to the Professor's laboritory to try out his time machine, but once they get there they find the professor and his assistant/granddaughter Natalie tied up by a horde of monkeys. The monkeys leader (Spector) has gotten hold of one of the professors inventions called the peak point helmet which increases Spectors intellegents and helps him achieve an insane level of power. The other monkeys possess Monkey helmets that do pretty much the same thing as Spectors helmet, but less powerful. Spctor sends himself and the other monkeys through time so they can change history in a way that'll make monkeys the dominant creatures of the earth and humans basically nonexistant. Its up to Spike to capture these monkeys, including Spector. I know its not the deepest story, but its really amusing and fun getting to travel through time through the dinosaur age up to the future. Later on in the game I actually found it compelling. You also really grow to love Spike by the time you finish the game. I understand now, why alot of people who play the sequals wish Spike was the main character again.Gameplay elements and monkeys: Once again you catch monkeys, but its easier said than done. The first 3 levels are pretty easy, but by level 4 you will be introducesd by some of the harder and more hair pulling to catch monkeys in the game. The task of catching the monkeys is made harder by the fact that you have natural level enemies to worry about while chasing the monkeys down, like Man eating plants and annoying bees. I also have to mention that alot of monkeys are PACKING HEAT! Laser guns, bombs, machine gun, HOLLYCOW! Don't get me started on the red pants monkeys later on who carry almost all these weapons as well as have extremely powerful scratch attacks that you can rarely avoid. There are different kinds of monkeys. I'll just summarize what they do. Monkeys with light blue pants are wimpy and easy to catch. Monkeys with dark blue pants are fast little monsters and require patients to get. Yellow pants monkeys are the most common and have normal difficulty. Green pant monkeys carry missiles on their back and require stealth to get because their sensitive to movement. White pants monkeys sense you easilly and are hard to sneak up on (understatement. Impossible unless someone says other wise). Black pant monkeys carry oozies/machine guns. I have to note the black pant monkeys are way harder to catch than the ones in the newer games. Then you have the abominations called red pant monkeys. Good lord do my heart stop when I have to catch one of these little bastards. Catching monkeys takes alot of patients and strategy because as you've already guessed from my description of them, they are hard to catch. Throughout the game you are given multiple inventions from the professor that are essential to catching certain monkeys in earlier levels that couldn't be caught before. Every invention is important in some shape or form and will either make a monkey easier to catch or harder, depending on the strategy used. The inventions are way better than the ones they give you in the other games. Some of the inventions in the other games are just plain useless. You also have lives in this game that you gain by collecting 100 gold arrows or a jacket. I've had more game overs in this one then any of the other two.Levels: The levels are divided by eras (the whole travel through time element). For example: Im in the dinosaur era and I play 3 levels from this era one after the other (unlock them), catch the required number of monkeys, then leave, unlocking a new era with 3 more levels (Hope that explains it good). Each level is unique and different which makes everything feel fresh and that much more awesome.Music: OMG! Ape Escape has one of my favorite videogame soundtracks of all time. Not since Donkey Kong Country 2 have I entered levels just to pause and listen to the music. Ape Escape prooves music is a very important part of a videogame. The music excites you and is very enjoyable. It has the best track of the entire series and its ashame Ape Escape 2 suffers from its bland soundtrack. In Ape Escape 3 the music is reminiscent of the first one, so I think the makers learned from their mistake. My favorite tracks are Crumbling Castle, Dark Ruins, Galaxy Monkey, The Spector theme, and a few others, but the soundtrack of the whole game is just epic and fills my heart with nostalgia and joy everytime I hear one of them. It's underrated and I wish more people knew about it.Replayabillity: Compared to the other games, Ape Escape 1 doesn't have much replayabilty, unless you're like me and love it so much you just start a new game all the time. Throughout the levels there are Spector coins you pick up. the coins are used to unlock 3 minigames in the time station. My favorite of these is galaxy monkey. The other two are meh. I really wish they had a way for you to unlock the soundtrack like the other two games. That would have been awesome.I've gone down memory lane long enough. The sad part is I still have my old Ape Escape game, but it no longer works anymore. I'm definately buying it off amazon. I wish instead of porting Ape Escape to the PSP, they would have ported it to the PS2, with an soundtrack unlockable available. Given that attention is mostly put on the PS3 and other next gen consoles/games nowadays I don't see a port happening soon (the PS3 doesn't even play older games according to some people I've asked). Ape Escape is definately worth buying.
Here's the premise - you're this little guy with a net and a light sabre running around trying to capture these monkeys. The monkeys wear different colored pants, and have little sirens on their heads. The pants tell you how tough they are to catch, and the sirens tell you if they've caught on to the fact that you're trying to capture them.In addition to the trusty tools I mentioned above, you get a whole slew of other gadgets you can use to capture the monkeys, including an r/c car, slingshot and monkey radar. Unfortunately, the monkeys are also armed with everything from grenades to machine guns to canons.In addition to being hilarious (the commercials for the game were great, if you got a chance to seem them on TV), the joy of the game is using the analog controllers to move and manipulate gadgets.The game was the perfect difficulty, not too hard as I had suspected it would be. I still haven't completely finished, and look forward to hours more fun netting those pesky little chimps!
What can be more fun than running around chasing monkeys? the are plenty of levels and gadgets to play with. The only downside is that the paddle boat is impossible to control in my opinion. Each monkey has its own charateristics and weapons. just trying to run up and snag the monkey doesn't always work. special gadgets must be used first. Pretty much run around the world getting rid of monkeys using gadgets. The game is pretty explanatory but is loads of platform fun. also includes minigames that can kill some time with friends.
I love APE ESCAPE. It is the best Playstration game ever. Just look at the other revues if you do not believe me. You need a dual shock controller to play this awesome game. the mini games are really cool.
I got to admit, I know the game is aimed more towards kids but I'm 35 and I had a blast with this game. I never even heard of the game til it was shown to me in someones' collection. Being bored one day, I put it in the Playstation to check it out and, lo and behold, I played that game til early the next morning. The object of the game is to catch all the monkeys lose in each level. Trust me, it isn't as easy as you might think. It takes some smarts to get them lil critters. Armed with several different gadgets, you're a one-man monkey catching machine. I know it might seem like a silly game to you but it's one of the most fun games I've played in a long while. You definitely owe it to yourself to see what it's all about.
What can I say? You are catching bad monkeys with a net. How can that not be fun?It starts off not that impressive the first few levels but don't let it fool you. It gets much better. Easily my favorite platformer on the PS1.
One of the best PS game ever.  It is just plain great!  Definetly get it if all you have is a PS.
This is a great game! I had it when I was younger. It's still better than 2 and 3. BUY!!!!!!!!!!
Ah, the year was 1999. While Sony and Nintendo were clashing, people thought that 2000 would be the end or at least the end of their computers. SpongeBob SquarePants began to reign to over kids, along with Pokemon. And some people were wondering why their Ape Escape game wouldn't work as they threw their non-Dualshock controllers down on the floor, while I was hating the game for not knowing how to play it. However, when I got it together, it became one of my favorites until its demise in 2008, when, wanting to make an ISO of my aging disc, I found it with a huge crack on it, under unknown circumstances.So, now that I've got a little of my nostalgia out, onto my review of this unique little game.GRAPHICS: Blocky, polygonal, and furthermore, colorful. In other words, it is the typical PS1 game. Nothing like a PS3's,  but who cares?MUSIC:  A big kudos to the people who composed to the music, because even after ten years it is still fun to listen to. Catchy, synth-like riffs fill this level, each level having a unique soundtrack. What's also cool is when you crouch, some of the instruments cease.SOUND/VOICE ACTING: The sounds, while sort of primitive, are also catchy. The swoosh of the net will be music to your ears, along with the footsteps and other stuff. The voice acting, while so-so, is actually the best voice acting in the trilogy. I wish the cast would have stayed for 2 and 3, but oh well.STORY: Simple, but pretty original. Specter, the most popular monkey in the monkey amusement park, finds the Professor's Peak Point Helmet, which enhances intelligence. Once he puts it on, he wants revenge for being locked up in there, so he makes more, gives them to all the monkeys in the park, and he raids the Professor's lab to use his time machine to rewrite history so apes can rule the world. Now only Spike, who kind of looks like Yu-Gi-Oh, can capture the monkeys, defeat Specter, and save his friend, Jake, who is under Specter's control.GAMEPLAY: Now here's where the game truly shines. Before I talk about the actual gameplay, however, let me discuss the controls.The Dualshock controller had been out for a while, but was still unneeded to enjoy the game. All it provided was vibration, and the ability to play with the analogue stick, the right stick as useful as wisdom teeth. Then Ape Escape came along and changed everything. Those without DS controllers had to get some to enjoy this game, whilst many tried to figure out the layout. The directional pads were only used for the camera, while the triangle, square, cross, and circle buttons were just used to change gadgets. It was then where the right stick, the L3, and the R3, (the latter both not having a title yet. It was just `push the left/right stick down like a button,) finally got their chance. This paved way for more functions for the Playstation controller.As for the gameplay itself, it is a blast, even if it's your 10th play. You time travel to many eras, your mission being to catch the apes. You also got gadgets, which help you solve puzzles and catch some out of reach monkeys. You start off with a stun club and a net, but you later get a total of nine gadgets, each having their unique function. The apes themselves are diverse, with each color of pants they wear representing their abilities. Some move so fast that you must catch them via stealth. After all, this was made a year after Metal Gear Solid came out. You don't have to catch all the monkeys in the level (some you can't until later when you got a different gadget,) but if you do, you can play the level with a time trial, which gives you nothing, but is fun. You also need to catch every single ape if you want to catch Specter. Your health is represented by cookies. You can also get Specter Coins, which allow you to play three different mini-games once you get the required amount. There's a skiing game, a boxing game, and a space shooter game, the last one the best IMO. There are also two racing levels where you race the brainwashed Jake for Specter coins.As for bosses, there are none until you get to Crumbling Castle. It's a shame, because the bosses are fun to fight. Instead, the game relies on enemies to keep you at bay besides the apes. You can't kill the apes, but you can kill the enemies and get goods. You'll have to search everywhere for those damn dirty apes, from the ocean to the Ice Age to even inside a dinosaur.Ape Escape, overall, is quite a fun game. It's not too hard, but it's still entertaining. This is a must buy. They also remade this game for PSP, but I never tried it. But I think AE is best on the big screen with a controller.
The entire ape escape series is amazing. The graphics are very good for the original PS, and the gameplay is fantastic. I'm pressed for time, so I have to give this game a 9.5/10.
Graphics: 9/10 - Nothing is ugly in Ape Escape, it all looks totally fabulous. The character movements and designs are extremely nice and the attacks and training scenes are all beautifully put together.Sound: 8/10 - A groovy score and neat sound editing techniques make Ape Escape's sound thoroughly plausible.Value: 9/10 - Endlessly fun to play. Ape Escape is a game you will start once and start again, start once and start again. You'll play it so many times; you may take over 10 whole memory cards!Overall: 9/10 - This shouldn't be overlooked because of its frankly silly plot. It's stunningly enjoyable to play and really gives a good use to the analogue controller.
This game is awesome. It's been a long time since I played it, but I know that from playing it it's one of the best games you could own. It's a very fun and creative game. The various levels and story make it a great game to enjoy.Yes, it's probably going to be difficult at times, however, not impossible, just challenging. Believe me, having the challenge is totally worth it.I remember going through it, the levels were so very detailed, and very well done. You'd have to react fast, at times, and be smart.Even more fun, they even added some extras. I believe you might have to beat the game to unlock them, but they are also great to play through.I've played quite a few games since last I played this and this still ranks as one of the best games I've ever played. It's a great worthwhile story which I think a lot of people would enjoy.It's got good length to the story, a good difficulty, and a reason to play on, as well as to play again.Whilst I know this is an older game, something I know from playing a lot: some of the old games are still some of the best games ever made.I think breaking out the PS1 is worth it. Although, if you have a PS2 you can play it on there. I should know, I've played another PS1 game on a PS2.Well, if you're just reading this to advertise, or if you're reading this to buy, take my advice, this is a great find, totally worth it. Even if you don't want to get this for you, if you know someone who wants to find a great game like this, this is a game to get.Well, thanks for reading, enjoy, have a blast.
This game was so cool it nearly gave me a heart attack... literaly! The mad man none as Specter who puts on blinking red, yellow, and blue helmets with sirens. The blue sirens mean they don't hear or see anything. The yellow sirens is when they hears something. And the red sirens is when they see you or if your chasing them. So Specter put the helmets on them and formed a monkey army to destroy Spike and Jake. And you can get thounsands of Gatcha Gagets and I'm not telling you what they are. And Gatcha coins and Specter Coins. YOU HAVE TO PLAY THIS GAME!!! Also play these games Ape escape 2 & Ape escape 3.
I thought Spyro The Dragon was great,but when I was done,I was looking for some other great action/adventure games.Ape Escape took the place of excitment,and it didn't fail.You'll love this game!
Back when I first owned my PlayStation, I tried many games from Blockbuster. I've been a fan of Crash Bandicoot, and actually it was that series that compelled me to choose a PlayStation over a Saturn (thank goodness), so I quickly became of fan of platforming games. Not to mention that I loved Super Mario 64, but, since I didn't own an N64, I was forced to play it only when I visited my cousin's.One day, while browsing my local Blockbuster, my sister saw a cover with monkeys on it. With that and Rugrats, she checked out the counter with my selections, and we went home that day to play games. I don't remember what games I checked out (FFIX?), but Ape Escape was the one title we played together until we had to return it.Her following birthday, I bought it for her. You may think, "Oh, that's nice," but I bought it because I actually wanted to play it...It was the first game I've ever completed in its entirety, and I go back from time to time to replay it, no matter how many times I've caught the monkeys. The sequels are good, but this stands out as the first game to fully require the DualShock controller, and the music in this installment is my favorite in the series.Monkeys have taken over different periods of history, and so it's your job to catch them all and bring down the leader. You get helpful gadgetry along the way, and they're all extremely useful and you'll find yourself using them all to the very end. Sometimes some games give you arsenals that become obsolete a few levels later; not here. Every level can use all your tools.The boss fights are sparse, but the final boss more than makes up for it. It remains one of my most favorite boss battles, though, by today's standards, it's pretty easy.I write this review only a couple weeks after my latest playthrough, and the game still holds up extremely well. I thought that, with my years of gaming experience, catching the monkeys would be a lot easier. While I know most of the game's secrets, and the easier levels were far easier than before, the monkeys still prove a challenge to capture. The patterns for boss fights are easy to get down, and I experienced no degradation in my original copy of the game when playing on a PS3.This game should be a requirement for all PlayStation owners.
I got this game as a gift during the Christmas of 99, and since that time it still is ranked as one of my top 10 favorite games! The graphics my be crap by todays standards, but this game had a great story, awesome gameplay, and (at the time) mind blowing us of the dualshock controller!Whether you've played this game before or not, if you want a trip down the nostalgic lane then play Ape Escape!
Great game, I dont really think its a little kid game...im 14 and i still think its tough.The controls are very hard to get used to.Besides the goofy storyline and tough controls, its still an awesome game.
Ape Escape is an awesome game with amazing graphics and great storyline. The game has over 200 different monkeys, each with hilarious attitudes. This was (no doubt) my favorite game of all time, cuz I just love playing adventure/platform games. This game is not easy to beat if you want to complete it 100%. There are time trials for almost every level and cool mini-games. It took me over a month to beat the game 100%, but I'm just an average gamer. I recommend this game, cuz it's fun, exciting, cool, and CHEAP $$$!
I read alots of review about this game,alot of people said that Ape Escape was good,so I decided to buy Ape Escape for myself.Geez they were right,this game is great and fun.This is a fun game I mean I have to catch those monkey on different level and sometime each land have 4 or 6 or over 10 that each of the land that the monkey stay.There about 8 weapon/gaget that I can use to kill the enamy and to help me out on some hard place to reach.This game have 25 level and 200 monkey to catch,this game can be play for everyone,&quot;like the esrb rated said on the front&quot;.Ape Escape is mild animated violence,there no gore or bad word on it &quot;just wanted the parents to know it&quot;.I never get tired of playing Ape Escape,this is a really fun to catch the monkey.Get this game you won't be dissappointed,I haven't too!
Duke Nukem 64 is a very well made game, despite the fact that some people only know it for its controversial material [most of it removed for the N64 version] and its cheesy one-liners. It turns out that this game is much more than that.PROS+ Thirty challenging levels, and they aren't short either. We're talking ten or more minutes on each for the first run.+ Secrets are abundant and it will take ages to find them all by yourself.+ "Duke" as a character is great, adding humor to the game with his one-liners.+ A well put together co-op mode and a deathmatch mode with working bots.+ Four levels of difficulty, even for the deathmatch mode.+ A great control scheme for the N64 controller, with added control schemes to have you pick from.CONS- Hiccups in frame rate occur when several explosions appear on the screen.- The only music in the game is the title music.- No ability to save in the middle of the game, you have to save at the beginning of a level.All in all, this game is worth it. If you are looking for some challenging, retro gaming action this is a must-have for your collection.
i love this alien killing game.  like every game they got there easy then there harder areas.  from 1 to 10 a 10 i will say a great n64.  you may not be able to tell what he is standing on well that is the aliens he killed.
Ever since this was released i'v heard non-stop complaints about this game from PC owners about the N64 port.  Yes, it has some censorship (The Strippers don't strip).  Maybe the graphics weren't as good?  But for many of us, this was our only option of playing this game.  Not everyone had PC's capable of playing games like Duke 3-D back in the late 90's, so this was our best option.  And Hot Damn!  I got my money's worth out of this game!  Not only is the single player tons of fun and have so much replay value.  But the multi-player as well.  Endless hours of death match w/my friends & I.  It seems like (especially in the 90's) that PC gamers would get mad anytime a port of "their" games made it to the consoles.  "The graphics aren't good enough, the sound sucks, the gameplay engine is broken" ect ect.  Duke, Doom, Myst, Quake....I heard it a million times.  But IMO opinion, the ports were a way for the rest of us to experience these games.  And I was glad to have em'!
If you are a huge fan of the Doom games, then you will love this. Its Doom, with more of a humorous side.
This game is the best! 4 people OR 4 DukeBots (computer controlled multiplayer opponents, hella cool) to challenge in multiplayer, each higher difficulty meaning more bodies flying in the air(you can have ppl and dukebots play at the same time), 2 player co-op, and one heck of a single player experiance. Who wouldn't want to save babes while bustin in a movie theater shooting alien scum all over the place? Pig cop with a shotgun? Introduce him, to your grenade launcher, BattleLord giving you a hard time??? throw him a pipe bomb party! Your options of fighting opponents are endless with dukes arsenal of guns ranging from shotguns, sub machine guns, grenade launchers, missle launchers all the way to trip mines(great in multiplayer), and shrink guns which allows you to shrink your opponents and crush like a bug with your 15 size boot. The guns are the best yet in an fps. The gameplay is hot as well, your environment is your playground, use toilets, blow up toilets, bust open a movie screen in the theatres, discover cool secrets by blowing open walls, PLAY POOL, the list goes on. Bust open aliens as you make your way saving babes, searching for key cards, finding hot new weapons, and having one helluva time. Do you have what it takes to save earth from aliens, can duke save his babes before aliens use them for mass production (weird, I know), always bet on Duke. Are you bored of my review and eager to get this game??? STOP READING THE THING AND GET DUKE NUKEM 64!!
This is my favorite Duke Nukem game. It's got a ton of levels to explore and the variety in the levels keeps things interesting. I played it when it first came out for the N64 and after beating it traded it. I got nostalgic for it so bought it again last year to play. What a great trip down memory lane. I was taken back to the first time I played it and it was just as fun. The graphics look even better on my 46" lcd than they ever did on my old tube tv. A great game for those who like older shooters with some humor.
Never did I think I would be able to own this game because of the prices I've seen it listed as, found it for a steal brand new and works great! Haven't stopped playing, this hardcore Final Fantasy Fan is beyond pleased.
I saved my allowance for weeks to buy this game when it first game out. Now that I'm an adult(unless you ask my wife) this game is just as awesome as it was then as it is now. The graphics are a bit old but the storyline is one of the best I have ever seen to date.
They really hit the mark on this one!... characters, storyline, play, music, graphics... everything just superb for its time!  I played this game over and over again just to play it.  It's a fun game, but out of all the times I played it I could never defeat the Ruby Weapon.  I think he's like impossible or something! LOL  But even so, that wasn't much of a let down because the rest of the game was so cool.  And Sephiroth... what a perfect villan.  He looked pretty cool!  If you've never played any of the FF series (and even if you have), this is a definite 'must have'!
Final Fantasy 7 is a classic. The game is great. The characters are special, the graphics were pretty good for its time, the game play was on point and who can really mention Final Fantasy 7 without mentioning the FREAKING MUSIC??! I really love the characters and just about everything else about the game. However, when you mix in the music everything just fit. I think this was the second Final Fantasy title I played after 3. After playing 3, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, Tactics and the first Tactics Advance game, I must say that this game is still my favorite Final Fantasy. It's spectacular. And while I honestly don't think I could play through the game again today it still holds up as one of the best games I've ever played. Definitely the best RPG game I've ever played. If I hadn't booted it up and played it so much in the past I might feel different about owning it again. However, if you've never played the game (do you live under a rock?!) then it's really a great idea to try it somehow. If you missed it because you were too young/not born when it came out in '97 then do so. Now. :)5 stars.
Wow, the reviews here run the gamut; while I am not surprised to see many bad reviews (sometimes, I think that people are just feeling spiteful, as I myself have another incarnation that does the same thing), it is odd to read such statements as &quot;This is destined to be the most disappointing RPG ever&quot; (and forgive me for ruining your writing for the sake of comprehensiblilty). FFVII was released in 1997, became possibly the best-selling RPG ever, has been lauded by most critics for years, and this is 2004. I think the ship of destiny has sailed.Anyway, I love this game. I have played it multiple times, and while it isn't my favorite FF title (that honor is shared by FFVI and FFVIII), it holds a special place in my heart. I read in the spotlight above that one reviewer gave up on the game because Aeris died; this seems odd (I mean, really, these are only video game characters, and can someone really get worked up that much over the merely-physical death of a single heroine?). I myself found this a bit silly (characters get killed all the time in RPGs; didn't Cloud have a Phoenix Down on hand?), but it didn't detract from my enjoyment of the game. The gameplay, the sidequests, the graphics (for their time), the Chocobos - all come together quite well in this title. I particularly enjoyed the frustration (and ultimate satisfaction) of defeating Emerald and Ruby, and the storyline is OK as well. I'm sure that everyone has played this, but if you haven't, well, give it a try.
I love this game.  It's probably not the best Final Fantasy, but it's still just so awesome! The graphics make the characters look like they're built of legos by today's standards, and the story is confusing, but I still love it!  It's got some of the best characters and one of the best soundtracks of any video game, and if you're a video game-player and haven't yet played this, then get on it!
Sephiroth, the main villian of the game, is probably the best-dressed villian in a FF game.  Also, he has the most sinister theme of any villian in any game.  Everything about Sephiroth is sinister.You play Cloud, a man from the small city of Nibelheim (sounds like a city in Germany). Cloud works for AVALANCHE, a terrorist group that's fighting against the evil Shirna, Inc.  As the game unfolds, you learn that Shirna, Inc does far more evil than AVALANCHE does.  Shirna, Inc knows no end to its evil.One of the best games for the ps1!
Final Fantasy 7 is the first Final Fantasy on the PSX and the first FF to not go through &quot;The Nintendo Filter (see FF II U.S.)&quot;.  This game is an instant classic and if you have never played this game or even seen it, you are missing out.  This game has it all.  A good story, which I still debate certain things about with friends, excellent battles, fun characters, and all kinds of mini games (a.k.a. the Gold Saucer).  This also was the pioneering of FMV on games.The materia system in this game takes quite a long time to understand, but it will happen while you go through the game the first time. Thankfully there are plenty of tutorials in the game and the manual does a good job of explaining things.One thing I didn't like in this game is you can only have 3 party members in your battling party.  This takes away from the strategy of battles.  The only things that make your characters different is their limit breaks and what materia you have equipped to that character, and what weapon each uses.  The translation is a little weird at times, but acceptable.  After all, it was Sony that translated it I believe.But that last paragraph aside, why are you still waiting to play this game if you haven't already?  Buy it used, buy it new, borrow it from a friend, do something!  Rent it and play it for 50 straight non-sleep hours.  You won't regret it no matter what you do.
WOW! this is truly the BEST GAME EVER. if you're going to buy any game this year, buy this one. full of charecters and storyline. just go to the store right now and buy this game!
This is the best game I have ever played in my whole existence.  It has a great story and great fighting, any one who likes RPGs will like this game.  I have beaten it three times and I still want to beat it a lot more.
No matter how ugly this game is, I will never stop loving it.The characters are great, the story is awesome, I like the battle system and materia is easy to train and use.There's a lot of places to visit, lots of bosses to defeat.It is really the characters that makes this game.
Simply the BEST rpg EVER made , final fantasy 7 is the frist 3D final fantasy for playstation and it is the best RPG with the best grafics, best songs , and best plots, no RPG compares to him .
As a video game perfectionist, I have played this game repeatedly over and over and over again in the past 8 years it's been available for two reasons. One, to experience the game that it is again and again....this game never gets old or boring....EVER. I'll be 80 years old and I would turn to this game to play it instead of helping the wife find her dentures.The second reason is because I am currently in a play-through of this game that I intend to make the absolute PERFECT file....and I am actually 2 Chocobracelets and 1 Precious Watch away from doing so.By perfect (and I could go on forever here, since it took me forever without cheating whatsoever to achieve perfection) I mean EVERY ITEM, (Vagyrisk Claw, Earth Mallet, Fourth Bracelet, Behemoth Horn, or Umbrella anyone? Those are just a few of the rarest items int he game) ALL AVAILABLE MATERIAS (set up on all 8 characters with the perfect combination so you can go into any and all battles, press attack once or cast Knights of the Round once, put the controller down, and go take a leak while the game beats itself)Also, I have 99 of all the items possible to have 99 of....except some of the weapons and armor....you don't really need 99 Gold bangles or 99 W-Machine guns....one of each weapon and 8 of each armor will suffice....one for each character.And lastly, and this is the hardest and most important to achieve- 255 status of EVERY possible stat- Strength, Speed, Luck, Vitality, Spirit, and Magic....I've spent over 600 hours alone in the crashed Gelnika morphing enemies for the sources to max out my stats....and it is no easy task....you'll need to morph about 170 Unknown 1's for Power Sources PER CHARACTER, 210 Poodlers for Speed Sources PER CHARACTER, 230 Bad Rap's for Luck Sources PER CHARACTER, 170 Unknown 2's for Guard Sources PER CHARACTER, 180 Serpents for Mind Sources (the hardest one to obtain) PER CHARACTER, and 170 Unknown 3's for Magic Sources....PER CHARACTER. So in the end you're looking at morphing over 9,000 enemies....fun fun fun....but if you're dedicated (or insane, whatever you like) like me....it can be done.I love this game so much, and am so dedicated from all these years, I could go into a boss battle stripped of all materia and weapons and armor and not take a hit....and win the battle with ease. 255 Luck evades all enemy hits on me.... 255 Strength guarantees a hell of a hit on the enemy in retaliation for even thinking they can touch me. Not to mention the 255 Speed....allowing me to get in sometimes 2 or 3 hits on the enemy before they can even notice who just killed their pathetic a$$....heheGraphics, sound, playability, controls....etc....all 10 out of 10.[...]Don't miss out on the experience that is Final Fantasy 7!!!
Whenever I'm asked what my favorite game of all time is, the answer is always rather clear: Final Fantasy VII. No game before it and no game since then has managed to pull me so deeply into the story and have me hanging on every word like this one did. The characters, the music, the graphics, the story... it's all golden.The characters are simply unforgettable. Cloud, Aeris, and Yuffie were my favorites of the bunch. Each character has such wonderful design, half realistic half cartoonish, full detailed backgrounds, and such personality and potential to develop that I enjoyed following everyone one of them.The music and graphics sticks in my mind like nothing else. They worked so well together. From simple cut scenes to the most glorious of FMV. And unlike today's games that throw long boring FMV in just for the sake of filling 2 DVDs, this game used FMV to make a point so poetically you couldn't help but feel like you just watched an epic film. To this day there's scenes that I cheer and nearly tear up over when I see them replayed. There were scenes that I would literally hold my breath through just in awe of not just the graphics... but the sound, the motion, the story unfolding so elegantly. Squaresoft has a knack for this, no doubt about it. This is the Lord of The Rings (film) of video games.I wish I could sit here and just ramble on and on about the beautiful story and the twists, turns, and major events, but obviously that would ruin it for any who still haven't played this masterpiece of a game. I see many, many people today who have never played a game like this and are simply enthralled by today's crop of PS2 RPG wanna-be's and it really irks me. They simply don't know what they've missed and 9 times of 10 simply don't care.I've probably played through this 30 some hour quest at least 3-5 times, and I enjoyed it every bit as much each time through. It may not have the 200 hours of today's games, but unlike today's games it's not freaking simulated boredom. It's 30 hours of FUN and story like you've never seen before. This game changed my perspective of how videogames could be, and is guaranteed a lifetime place in my favorite collection.- Rirath_com.
FF7 is the greatest installment in the whole Final Fantasy genre. It's 3D graphics, badass music, and intense, deep storyline, make it a classic to all FF fans out there. This game really got me hooked on FF. I beat 2 and 3, but they didn't pull me in like this one. This game has the coolest villian in any of the games. Sephiroth's looks, attitude, and sword skills can really kick your ass. The music in this game is also kick ass. So I would reccomend this game to a FF beginner or a veteran because it is absolutely flawless, and i think it's the best game ever made.
What other video game has had a review put in quotes on the back saying "Quite possibly the greatest game ever made"?I've just bought my 360 and love playing it. I've been playing games since oldschool Nintendo. I remember getting Mario Bros. 3 for Christmas.There's only one game that has ever been able to take me completely out of my element and take hold of everything I love about games and never let go.This is the masterpiece that is Final Fantasy VII.
Final Fantasy 6, a.k.a. Final Fantasy 3 on the SNES, was a great success.  Many magazines like GamePro and EGM have praised it for its rich plot and complex scenarios.  Nintendo Power even called it "the RPG hit of the decade."  Fans of the Super Nintendo and RPGs rejoiced over how great this game was, and with a slew of other RPGs on the system like Chrono Trigger, ActRaiser, and Nintendo's A Link to the Past, a lot of fans---myself included---generally regard this period as one of the best video game production times of our generation, if not THE best.Along comes the Sony PlayStation.  For some, this marks the end of the Golden Age of classic video games.  I don't entirely agree, as that system was the home of a handful classics; Castlevania: Symphony of the Night revitalized the Castlevania series and outranked many of the 3-D games that cropped up at the time.  Metal Gear Solid redefined stealth action and brought Solid Snake into the mainstream.  Mega Man X4 continued the saga of Mega Man X and combined the old-school flavor of Mega Man with arcade-style, frenetic action.Now, we get into Final Fantasy 7.  The first game, besides the original, to be correctly numbered.  If you've read my FF6 review, I said that that game was the end of the magic era and the introduction of industrial technology.  FF7 takes that further into a dystopian technological atmosphere; its bleak, dark outlook is not dissimilar to Ridley Scott's Blade Runner.  This was a stark contrast to the previous games that were about grandiose medieval adventure.  No more dragons, colorful highlands, and sorcery.  No more saving the princess from mortal doom.  No more four crystals and light warriors.When I first played this game back in 1997, my first thought was "This isn't Final Fantasy!  I mean, they curse in the game, too!  How dare they change my Final Fantasy?!  How dare they take away what I loved about it?!"  Yet, many of my friends loved it, and still love it for its nostalgic factor.  Heck, it's sold over ten million copies worldwide, making it the highest-selling Final Fantasy of ALL time.Coming from that stubborn mold, I didn't give the game an objective eye and realized years later that I initally rejected it under a false pretense.  Is it my favorite Final Fantasy game of all time?  Well, no, but I am giving it its credit now, and there are many aspects of the game that help make it the top-selling Final Fantasy game.The story centers on a former SOLDIER named Cloud Strife, who joins the AVALANCHE group in trying to take down Shinra, Inc., a megolomaniacal corporation that's draining the planet's life force.  He's a bit less colorful than some of the main characters of past Final Fantasies (even further games), but through the course of the game, he has a very interesting backstory.  He is joined by Barrett, the leader of AVALANCHE and the closest video game character akin to Mr. T; Tifa Lockhart, a sexy martial artist and friend of Cloud's; Aeris, a flower merchant who turns out to be a "Cetra," the previous owners of the planet; Red XIII, a cat creature that was experimented on by Shinra; Cid Highwind, a pilot with Dragoon Knight characteristics (and ironically, shares the same last name as Kain from Final Fantasy 4!  What delight!); Vincent, an immortal that previously worked with Shinra before his "death"...and Yuffie, a young thief who plays tricks on the party.  Oh, and then there's Cait Sith, but let's move on...The villain that everyone talks about from this game is Sephiroth.  In my FF6 review, I thought Kefka was the best Final Fantasy villain ever.  I still believe that, but Sephiroth is still one of the greatest villains in any RPG.  Sephiroth does have some interesting motives; he is originally Cloud's friend, even a mentor, and the best member of SOLDIER for a time.  However, upon learning what appeared to be his real past (not quite real, but no spoilers here!), he progressively goes insane and is hell bent on bringing back the "Promised Land," which basically means wounding the planet and sucking its life force.  While he's not your typical, heartless villain (not saying Kefka is typical, but you feel from the first hour of that game that he is downright evil.), he is a mentally distraught, horribly twisted person, and that progression of madness that worsens throughout the game is actually very well transitioned.  Plus, he is responsible for murdering Aeris, scarring the mind of my RPG generation forever.While the battle system only allows three people, the Materia system and the Limit Breaks add fun to the game.  While I adore Final Fantasy 9, 7's Limit Breaks worked better, and they also level up.  The Materia system is based on your weapons and items' slots, allowing you to interchange materia like ice, fire, lightning, restore, and other things.  They also do things differently depending on how they're linked to other materia and ALSO if they're attached to your weapon or your accessory.  This adds some fun to the battle, and you can even interchange materia without disrupting the level of the particular materia slot you're using.The story is as epic as any great Final Fantasy should be, although I do admit that the ending is a bit lax...still, it was followed up by sequels, so at least the story did continue.  Most of the characters are interesting, even colorful (Cid and Barrett's constant swearing definitely added flavor to this FF entry!).  Cloud's complex relationships with Aeris and Tifa are among the story's highlights, and of course, the culmination of Cloud facing his former friend and idol.The music is once again composed by Nobou Uematsu, and he delivers once again.  My ONLY complaint is not with his compositions itself, but with the sound quality.  The Sony PlayStation had a superior sound chip system in comparison to the Super NES, yet the sound quality of games like Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy 3 (er, 6!) blasted you with superb sound quality.  I don't hold this against the game to any large degree, but I did find that kind of odd...especially if you hear Michiru Yamane's score for Symphony of the Night or Toshihiko Horiyama's score for Mega Man X4.Overall, my final opinion of the game.  I've grown to like this game despite my love for the more medieval-styled Final Fantasies of the past.  This one was a departure from the past, adding more mature elements into the game (colorful language, sexual references, etc. etc.).  Definitely your big brother's kind of RPG.  While some may dispute its "overrated" longevity, its success on the Sony PlayStation became a part of that system's legacy and it also brought RPGs to the mainstream audience.Yes, it's insanely popular, but give the game its due.  It's worthy of the qualities that have made it the best-selling Final Fantasy, and while it may not be my personal favorite, it kicks major amounts of awesome nonetheless.Other Recommendations:Final Fantasy 6 (in my opinion, perfectly accompanies this game)Chrono Trigger (SNES)Breath of Fires 2 and 3 (SNES,PSX)Xenogears (PSX)Castlevania Symphony of the Night (PSX).
This game brings back memories of when jason came over my house with his PS1 memory card and he was playing parappa the rapper in the basement and he was cool and this little girl she was a baby back then and now she should be around 9 years old well she was sucking on the memory card and when we put the card in everything was deleted LOL!!!!!!!!!!! and this game is great from graphics, to gameplay, to music. it has everything. you want a love story it has it. you wanna cry, it has it. you wanna feel good, it has it. everything it has to offer. the only this it doesnt have is for  attracting ignoramouses that overlook the game and only care about whats new and graphics. and mike used to like it and he is in SOG 4 LIFE!!!
People seem to forget the number one reason Final Fantasy 7 is loved so fondly and remembered all these years later- it was one of the first video games able to tell a story that MILLIONS of people cared about.  In fact, it's probably the first RPG to ever tell such an incredible story.  It was also groundbreaking back in the day having extremely-realistic cutscenes featured, along with a quest that carried over 3 discs.  That's why the game is remembered.However, I have no idea why the price for the game jumped up to almost 70 bucks these days.  I guess because everyone who owns the game refuses to give up their copy.
Playstation 1 owners out there with a penchant for RPG games probably need no good word of mout from me, as this game is one of the staples for the system. However, for those who don't have this game, get it!...
It wasn't until the Greatest Hits version came out that I ever really took an interest in Final Fantasy VII. I guess it was because I wanted to pursue the game in my own time. Besides, back when this game first came out, you hardly ever found a copy on the shelf to buy. I was always one of the unlucky ones, it seemed. Finally, after obtaining a copy for myself, I got to see what all the 'hoopla' was about.The story, itself(as you probably already know by playing it), is about Cloud Strife. Cloud is a mercenary who joins with a group of others(Avalanche) to stop a megacorporation callled Shinra. Shinra is draining the life of the planet to use as an energy source. Course, the story progresses and deepens when Sephiroth(the game's main antagonist) comes into play. Sephiroth's part in this story?...if the world is damaged, its' Lifestream will gather together in an attempt to heal the wound. Sephiroth plans to use a powerful spell called "Meteor" to cause this injury, and then merge with the planet's energy, allowing him to be reborn as a god. Then, he plans to rule over the planet.Final Fantasy VII has a long history behind it. FF7 was planned, first, as a new game for the SNES and was quickly moved to Nintendo's new system at the time, the Nintendo 64. Due to lack of catridge storage capacity, it eventually led to a dispute between Nintendo and Square that resulted in Square ending its long relationship with Nintendo.  Square decided, from that point, to release Final Fantasy VII for the Sony Playstation. The game has went on to sell well over 9.8 Million copies worldwide. It's spawned a series of other games under the FF7 name but none have quite reached the status that the original has. A remake has been rumored for quite some time now but, as of yet, no remake has been produced by Square. My opinion on the remake or lack thereof? Well, considering at to how they made a killing on fans buying the first game when it came out, it's almost guaranteed that they would make a killing a second time. I don't understand why they won't give the fans what they want. They'd come out alot better because of it. It would, definitely, put them back on top as the leader of RPGs..to be sure. Course, enough on the subject, right?Onto the meat of this review..What do I think of Final Fantasy VII?? First and foremost, it is quite an achievement in the RPG genre. It was the RPG where players found themselves in a three-dimensional world that, after playing the game, they actually felt like they'd went on an epic journey. It's the only game other than Legend of Zelda:Ocarina of Time where I ever felt that way. It was also the first RPG to really evoke some emotion out of me. The characters weren't two-dimensional, they had character and you could invest in that. It helped set the standard for all other RPGs to follow to this day. Too bad, though, you hardly see traditional turn-based RPGs like these anymore.  Sure, you may on the Nintendo DS and the Sony Playstation Portable but not much on any of the console systems these days. While it may seem dated in a time when everything is in 3-D and not 3-D on prerendered backgrounds, it still stands the test of time. The story holds up as well, even if it is a little hard to figure things out at times. The battles are engaging and the game is just fun! While I won't say it's my most favorite FF game; it's one of the games that got me hooked on RPGs. There's never a shortage of good things that can be said about this game.Do I have any gripes about the game? Just one thing...the ending.  The ending is kind of sudden and, as another reviewer stated elsewhere, it just ends. Not quite like Legacy of Kain:Soul Reaver did back in the day, though...nothing like that. The way it ends leaves you wanting more. Maybe it was intended to be that way...you think?All in all, Final Fantasy VII is a game that I highly highly recommend that everyone(and I do mean everyone) should play-at least once-even if you're not into RPGs. It'll definitely give you a better understanding of RPGs and why people love playing them so much.
Let me start off by saying, Final Fantasy VII is highly revered by many gamers as the best of the series, and like stated before, like the indie music scene its cool to hate what is so popular, strictly because it has mass appeal. I am a musician, and i've fallen victim to this mindset many times before with pop music, and i've learned when it boils down to it, Like what you like, and don't worry about the mass appeal. I am not afraid to stick to my gun, this game is the best i've ever played.This game was released in 1997, and it was a launch game for the PS1. I own a ps3 now and surely the games graphics cannot compare to anything today, but when it was released, it had beautiful graphics compared to SNES (or genisis) graphics we've seen before, and brought to life 3d textures which has not been seen in video gaming before. I still recall to this day playing through this game on the brand new playstation and getting fully absorbed in the story, graphics, and game play. I still play through this game to this day, atleast once a year, just to recap the wonders of this game.This game's story is easily the most impressive story line I have encountered in video gaming history. I could read this story as a book and it would be the best book i've ever read. The character development (with the exception of Cait Sith (strictly matter of opinion), there always seems to be one character that never gets much use in RPGs for me), and twists and turns make this game a EPIC TIMELESS CLASSIC (even if you can muster through the bad graphics compared to this generation). I am a huge RPG fan spanning back to the SNES days (first game system), and playing the greats like Chrono Trigger, and Final Fantasy 4,5, and 6, and really enjoyed those. Needless to say, This trumps all those games. I also played the more recent Final Fantasy games and still feel this game overtakes those. I was disapointed to see such neglect from Final Fantasy 9 because of its roots to the old school FF titles, because FF7 quite possibly was most people's first FF game. FF9 is easily number 2 in my game rankings. Now there seems to be a clear cut line between fans of FF8 and FF7. It's usually you either like FF7 or you like FF8, and you can't like both. This is the case for me, and many of my fellow FF gamers. I disliked 8 very much because it strayed away from what was beautiful about the FF series. I also feel the same with FF12. FF7 strayed away from the FF series but kept old school FF gamers still intreged.This is your typical Turn based FF battle system, which many people tend to claim is a bad thing about RPGs, and i think the exact opposite. Turn based games let you think and figure out what you need to do to defeat a certain enemy, and not the same technique is going to work for every enemy, which I feel other genres tend to look over. Needless to say if Story is more important than gameplay to you, than this game is worth a run through. If you're like many others and hate turn based games, and could care less about a story, and you just want to have fun without any of those constrictions, you might want to save your time, and skip this title.Another thing that is worth an honorable mention is FF7's wonderful lush soundtrack! I can listen to the soundtrack to this day and it will bring in the great memories of playing this game. The experiences of the game are excelently tied into the music and it will stick with you everytime you hear the score. I feel the strongest out of the FF's sound track is FF9 (for its pure variety in musical concepts), but FF7 comes in a close second.Knights of the Round materia makes this game fairly unfair, but to balance it out, they added two super bosses which are incredibly fun, and even out the playing fieldI don't consider myself a hardcore gamer, but when it comes to RPG games, i'll make the exception. I've played nearly every FF game to date, and enjoy the ups and downs of each game. I also play other genres too, and even through genre crossing this is my favorite game of all time, and I think that wont change. The story is emotional (ill admit it, it made me cry, thats how intense i felt it was... alright time to man up) and very intense, if you can follow it. This game made me offically a follower of RPG video gaming.
If you own a PS, PSone, PS2, or a (shutter) PS3. Then you need this game.I cannot express how good it is. Go to any fan website on the internet and read up on it.You will get a good 70+ hours of gameplay.Anyone can just pick up and play, although this is NOT a game for those under 10 (many, MANY cusses, suggestive themes, and animated violence....but that is why it is rated T, of course)Please note that the aforemetioned warning isn't THAT graphic, just enough to not be suitable for an 8 year old.Overall:Gameplay:15/5Originality:5/5Storyline:5/5Fun: 10/5Overall Score: 35/5 (Yeah, I love it THAT much... :] ).
Let's face it--Final Fantasy VII got the whole thing started again.  Back in the old days of 8-bit consoles and Commodore 64s, when Apple computers wasn't nerd-speak for "I don't know how to run my machine," RPGs were a very narrowly targeted genre with little flavor or flash in them, and as the consoles outpaced the appeal of the text based, graphics poor style, they started to fall out of favor.  It was this game that opened the door for the whole next generation of RPGs and brought the genre into the mainstream, and this game did all those things for very good reasons.I'll start with the good, because I feel the need to stress that this is a game you'll probably enjoy.  There are a lot of flaws, but the fact of the matter is that you'll probably only notice them if you go looking for them.  What the game has going for it is a fairly intuitive gameplay interface, a cast of interesting characters, and a story that combines innovation with the same old epic qualities to make a nice, comforting blend.  Those are the most evident qualities this game has, and they outweigh the shortcomings by a long way.But there are shortcomings, they are significant, and they need to be admitted to.  First off, the graphics are just terrible by today's standards.  Forget history--I want to know if this thing's going to look good right now, and this is probably the worst game in the entire series in terms of current presentability.  The CG movies, while impressive, are exceeded with flagrant ease by every other subsequent Square release, the screens are drawn in a fuzzy fashion that gave me a headache if I tried to play for more than two hours in a row, and the game suffers from severe graphical design schizophrenia.  While I have enough imagination to reconcile the blocky, superdeformed character models used through most of the game with the slick, properly proportioned CG figures, that will definitely cause some people trouble.  While this game was certainly visually impressive when it came out, these days it just doesn't cut muster, and you need to keep that in mind when you pick it up (even it's next closest sequel in the series was infinitely better--you WILL notice the graphics problems).This game also can have race issues if you want it to.  If you're overly sensitive about the issue, I'd avoid this title.  Barrett is the only black man in the entire universe, and he's not that complimentary a character.  I don't particularly care--he was supposed to be Mr. T, and he turned out well in that regard, but if you intend to read some kind of general statement on the merit of people of a particular shade, you may as well just let this one pass by.The story is also a problem, contrary to the high praise that die-hard fans often give it.  This story is confusing for no particular reason, and the writers are totally lost in terms of how they want to tell their tale.  I like the characters--tell me what happens to them.  No?  Okay--then I'm saving the world.  So why do I care about this schmo's childhood trauma?  The total effect was that when I got to the end of the game, I felt incredibly shortchanged in terms of story fulfillment, since the characters' significance pretty much takes a nose dive on the third disk.  The story is needlessly complex at points and the major inconsistencies aren't dealt with particularly well (I do not consider a tube of goo an effective address to a plot hole).  While the plot is innovative and epic, it is also confused and meandering, and you may have to play through it twice to figure out what's going on.Again, though, I should stress that these problems aren't going to be too big if you don't want them to be.  These are things that you can ignore very easily while you play through the game.  The gameplay itself ranks among the best balanced ever, with random monster encounters (a BAD idea, but one that every game without Grandia or Chrono in the title seems to stick with) well tailored to the characters' levels and the game remaining appealing and challenging throughout.  This one will appeal to just about anybody, and it should be in any RPG fan's library.
All in all, it is impossible to not recommend Final Fanatsy VII to anyone who is even vaguely interested in RPGs.
Final Fantasy 7 is the best final fantasy game its fun and addicting great story awsome fun overall great!
This, for me, was truly a wonderful experience. I've played this game countless times, yet over and over I find myself wondering why. When I first played this game, I had no idea I was immersing myself into the abstract but gorgeous world of Final Fantasy VII. You are the hero, of course, and you're out to save the world, one step at a time. And really, that's exactly what you do in FFVII. In classic Final Fantasy style, the seventh game in the series brings Cloud, a mercenary now working for a terrorist group, into your head. As you play, you can really understand where the characters come from and what their real selves are like. It might sound weird, but this is truly an incredible game. A wonderful experience for anyone who likes this series, or anyone looking for an absolutely outstanding story.
This is just one of those classic games to find my childhood. It really was one of the best RPG's money could buy and still is. Just look at all the fanfare around the game the reason why people still play and talk about this game.
I being a veteran of videogaming, have to say I'm very dissapointed in the recent reviews bashing this game. Final Fantasy VII is what made RPG gaming what it is today.That being said, this game now well beyond its' years is still the best RPG I have ever played. Close to being the best game ever. By todays standards, the graphics are horrid, but couldn't have been done better. Very colorful and every part of this game was a refreshing look at something new. Your charachter goes from a centrally located city, to fortified town, to a beach resort, to an amusment park and so on and so on. At one point you end up in outerspace. There is to much to describe in a review, lets just say there is plenty to see and do.The gameplay is rediculously addictive. The materia gems were a good idea. Being able to fit elemental materia to weapons and armor allowed for great flexability. Combo certain materia together and your charachter could attack from two to eight times in one turn. The junction system in FF 8 is based on the materia system. Those who perfer 8 over 7 should compare and see that they are in fact fairly similar. Changing materia in mid-battle would have been nice in case of an attack that heals instead of hurting, takes one or more members of the attack team out of action.The amount of mini games is the most ever for any FF. the amusment park has an arcade and rides. A battle arena to compete for really good prizes. You can bet on, race and breed chocobos. The amount of things to do is astounding. The sidequest are fun and can help your party if you complete them. One could easily get lost and forget about the main story.The story is not the greatest, but it held my intrest when I first played FF7. You never really take it seriously until one of your party members is killed 1/3 way in the game. The true enemy of this game is a cold blooded man with destruction and death left in his wake. The corporate enemy is nothing more than sidetracking cannon fodder for you to level up with. I guarentee a sense of satisfaction when finally putting the last boss away,for anything else, just for revenge would be motive enough. All charachter development is well done but a little awkward at times. Trying to make this story serious and funny at the same time, often leaves players wondering where the story is headed. For the most part, no complaints about the story. It's told with the player in mind. Trying to find a way to connect with the player.The musical score fits this game. Only FF6 (FF3 in the states) is done better. At no point in this game does the music not fit the scenario the player is currently traveling.This game got a lot of publicity during its arrival and rightfully so. A magnificent piece of not only gaming, but art. Every RPG made after FF7 is based on what this game revolutionized. RPG before this were all 2D and pretty much cookie cutter RPG. This game literally changed RPG into what it is now, I hope those who recently bought this game at least attempt to finish it to gain the games' beauty as a whole. Those who had this game from the beginning already know that Final Fantasy VII is not only a great game, but arguably PSX best of all time. A milestone, period.
Many years have passed since I first played this amazing title.  Love it or hate it, Final Fantasy 7 broke new ground in the RPG market, and games today have a lot to be thankful for that Final Fantasy 7 made possible.For those who haven't played this title, it is going to appear very dated, especially the hideously deformed polygon characters.  But the backgrounds are beautiful scenes based on hand drawn pictures.  The backgrounds are set, so they don't move.  Instead you move around them.  It was a style used extensively on the PS1 and still used in other games today (especially on the portable systems).  Granted, many of us would love to see a remake, and that might happen someday, but not likely any year soon.I will just sum up what I love about this game, even in today's market of amazing games (and a lot of terrible games or super easy games also).  First, the game was insanely easy.  I died once on my first play through (against Lost Number before I realized what to do), and I don't believe I saw a gameover screen since.  But the ease of the game is not an issue.  There is still some challenge, and part of what makes the game enjoyable is the lack of 'cheap' enemies.  But once you get the hang of things, it is super easy.The story is amazing, and only Final Fantasy 10 has really compared.  Final Fantasy 6 was such a great title, that I never thought anything could top it, but FF7 just drew me in and didn't let me go.  I couldn't believe the intrigue, the depth, the complexity of the story.  I found myself on edge at school (I was in high school when it first released) and I couldn't wait to get home to play it.  When Cloud goes against Rufus near the end of the Midgar arc, I knew I loved this game.  When it took over 2 hours of game play to get to a world map, I knew something was special.  And when the game cuts (in real time) to the CG of Junon's cannon, I was stunned.With the pretty games of this era, one might be unimpressed, but if you remember the era when this game was made, it broke ground that developers feared.  First true epic big budget RPG with cut scene CGI.  Low to zero loading times (so happy for that!).  A central character that is killed mid way through the game.  And an amazing depth of side quests and extras at the end of the game that were fun and rewarding.Going back, it may not match up against some more recent titles in every facet, but overall this is still a solid and spectacular game.  In my opinion only Zelda The Ocarina of Time and Super Mario World can compare with this title in overall quality and fun.  Though I have other personal favorites (big shout out for Ogre Battle!), I cannot argue that Final Fantasy 7 is among the three best games of all time, and easily the most ground breaking RPG ever.  As nostalgic as the earlier titles are (and I love them all), this game just proves that solid gameplay and an amazing story are timeless.
You know a game is probably pretty good when it has over 1,200 reviews written about it.  This review, hopefully, will be slightly different than most - I love RPGs, but never played FFVII back in the day and just completed it for the first time.  So I'm not really biased due to loving the game back in my younger years and will try to review with an objective eye.As you can probably gather from the mountain of other reviews, this was the game that, for better and worse, changed the RPG genre.  The, somewhat dense, storyline basically revolves around Cloud and company in their quest to save the planet from various forces (mainly the evil company Shinra and, the very VERY evil, bad guy Sephiroth).  Several traditional RPG elements are present - battle monsters, equip magic, find new and better weapons, grind your character up, etc...So, what made the game different?  Basically, two things (in my opinion).  The first, as talked about above, is the storyline.  Yeah, it's the typical, "save the world" stuff that can be found in oodles of other RPGs, but this it is different - it was deep, filled with twists and turns, and was more like an actual story you would find in a novel.  Some would say the story borders on being convoluted (a complaint I have a hard time arguing with), but it holds up well today and was nothing short of groundbreaking 10-15 years ago.The second was the amazing graphics and cut scenes.  Of course, neither are nearly as good as the more recent stuff, but again it was revolutionary at the time and everybody loved it.  Combining the "fun" elements of RPGs that were already present with a deeper story and amazing graphics and it is no wonder this is one of the most beloved games of all time.Still, the game does have its warts.  First, it is a very linear story.  Part of the charm of some of those early Final Fantasy games (and other RPGs) was the feeling you could explore the entire world.  Here, for about two-thirds of the game, you have no control over where your characters go or what happens (it's really like reading a book).  By the time you actually get the airship (and can really start exploring) you are just about ready for the final showdown.  Plus some of the really cool weapons to found cannot be obtained until you have virtually completed the game (Final Fantasy games have done this for years, and I have never understood it, what is the point of these amazing weapons when, by the time you can acquire them, your characters are so leveled up they are killing everything with ease anyway?).The second major issue, touched on above, is the fact that this story is tough to keep up with at times.  I've played Crisis Core (the prequel to this game) and that helped a lot, but there are times when you are just going to be like, "what in the blue sane h*ll is going on here?" Yeah, the story is different, but different isn't always better.Overall, the game is one of those games that should be played by all gamers.  Yeah, there are problems (the story, the somewhat dated graphics, the linear game play), but it's still an amazing play.  By the way, you can download the game from the Playstation Store for both the PSP and PS3 for [...]- so do not pay these insanely high prices.
This is probably the best RPG that ever has and ever will be released. I've had it since it's release in 1997 and beat it several times and I plan to again. It just doesn't get old. The graphics are still great, but a little outdated of course because technology is getting better. But it still looks pretty. The battle system is the best of any of the Final Fantasy games, even the newer ones. In fact, I think that the battle system of FF7 is the best of any RPG. The music composition is great as well, even if it is just one guy on a synthesizer. It's great. Let's see; the gameplay is perfect, the music is perfect, the battle system is perfect, the character's are loveable, and the best part is...the story. This game is truly a classic and I recommend it to collectors and gamers alike.
This game blew me away when I first bought it.  It's one of the best Final Fantasy games out there.  The graphics aren't great, but you should mostly enjoy the storyline, not how it looks.The story begins when Cloud Strife, a teenager who joined a secret organization known as AVALANCHE, tries to help destroy huge machines called Mako Reactors, which suck the planet's life energy away in order for electricity to exist in Midgar (a city).  Oh, and as for the evil man who's behind this deed?  President Shinra.  It was the president of Midgar who built the reactors, and now, it's up to Cloud, Tifa, Barret, and the rest of AVALANCHE to bring Shin-ra co. down.But after Cloud meets an old "friend" from long ago, the story quickly takes an unexpected twist...In this game, you'll experience many different emotions for the characters, you'll fight hideously powerful bosses, find two secret characters, even breed Chocobos like you could in previous Final Fantasy games!  And don't forget that you can even enter them in races as well!  There are just so many more reasons to call this game classic, so I recommend you find it and have huge loads of fun!
I doubt that there will ever be an equal to this epic game, Final Fantasy VII. It's the reason I became the gamer I am today!Final Fantasy VII puts you in the shoes of a young man by the name of Cloud Strife. Starting off, you're simply a mercenary hired by a resistance force called Avalanche, whom are fighting against the earth-dominating orginization, Shinra. Progressing through the story, however, you find it goes much deeper than that. Throughout his adventure, Cloud strives to find the link between him and his arch enemy (but once friend) Sephiroth, what Shinra is planning for the world, and struggles to find where his emotions lie in a deep love triangle between his long-time friend Tifa, and the kind-hearted flower girl, Aeris. Of course, along the game there are many other characters and sub-missions that lead to different stories, but either way this game promises to leave a lasting impression.The gameplay, much like the story, is simply amazing! As you progress through the game, you will find new Accesories (items such as rings, ear rings, ribbons, etc.), Armor, and Weapons. Depending on each items power, your overall strength for attacks, defense against attacks, magic effectiveness, and magic defense will increase; however, the true depth comes in the junction system. Each item you equip to yourself will give you junction blocks. These blocks are used to equip magic that you buy or find along your journey. Magic comes in many forms:Some increase stats, some heal, some are attacks, some are devastating monsters (called 'Summons') that unleash devastating attacks on all enemies, and some help you attain more items (such as the ability to 'Steal'). Junctioning magic can also lower stats, bringing more strategy into the game. Junction too much magic, and your character's overall hp (or 'health points', which decrease with each hit) will be minimized in the next battle. Junction to little, and your character will be to weak to inflict any useful damage on the enemy.My final great aspect in this epic edition of this great series, is the music. The music in the game effects your overall emotions as you play, making the game look and feel even more amazing. I guarantee that after playing this game, you'll find yourself humming at least two of its tracks!So in conclusion, this game is FLAWLESS! If you want something that will satisfy your gaming pleasure for many a day, this is it. Final Fantasy VII is quite possibly the best game ever made, and in my opinion is still unrivaled.
My cousin was a HUGE RPG fan before I was and one day I got money for my birthday and I went uptown and he came along. He saw Final Fantasy VII on the shelves and bugged me to get it. So I eventually got it but found he was playing it more than me. So when he wasn't around, I sneaked and played his game and I got so wrapped up in the game I forgot I was still playing his game and he missed some plot elements. But I couldn't contain myself cause this was one of the best games I played, and still do, I'm currently on my 8th play.Story: Cloud, a former SOLDIER(kind of like an elite squad) member is recruited by Avalanche to help bring down the Shinra Corporation whose reactors are draining the planet of its energy. Where it goes from there involves a being from the sky, genetic experimentation and mind freak-outs.Music: Some of the best music ever is on the soundtrack. One track, Aeris's Theme is worth the price of it alone. This song can't be put into words, one of the most beautiful compositions I've ever listened to(and it's played in a sad scene but I won't spoil it). But this soundtrack also included a wide variety of music like rock(Boss Battle Theme)New age sounding(City of the Ancients), funk like(Wall Market) to ominous(Those Chosen By The Planet).Graphics: Back in 1997, these graphics were jawdropping. That opening sequence with Aeris, the entrance to Gold Saucer, and awakening of ancient beings were just amazing. They seem tame now but back then, they were gorgeous. It isn't flawless though: the characters look "blocky" like it'll have a big block for a hand and in some cases, you can see them without a mouth but it doesn't detract from the feel of the game.And one thing to note if you've haven't played a Final Fantasy before, yes it is Part VII but it's not like a saga where each part is a continuation of the story. It's all new story, characters, villains, worlds etc.For your spells and abilities, it includes the Materia System. While I'm not gonna spoil what a materia is, the basic function of it is to give you special abilities. Equip it on your weapon or armor and you can cast magic, summon beasts, counterattack, steal or give you some benefits. Master it and it'll create a new one. So awesome materia like Ultima, Knights of the Round or Mime can be replicated, giving you almost an endless string of summons.In VI and in VIII, certain special attacks can be accessed when a character was low health. Here it's a bar that fills up whenever you get attacked. Fill it up and you can unleash a string of powerful attacks, one big beam, or even cure party members. One flaw is that regular attacks can't be accessed so you can't save it for an approaching Boss, you either have to use magic or just defend.This is one of the best games you'll play and even though there's other games out currently that can distract, it always helps to go back to what started it all: what brought people into the RPG genre in a HUGE way: Final Fantasy VII.
I HAVE PLAYED FINAL FANTASY VII EVERYDAY SINCE IT CAME OUT THOSE MANY YEARS AGO. I'VE BEATEN IT COUNTLESS DOZENS OF TIMES AND THE ORGASMIC PLEASURE DERIVED FROM EVERY SECOND OF THIS DIVINE PIECE OF ART HAS YET TO DECREASE, IN FACT IT GETS GREATER. EVERY TIME I SELECT A NEW ATTACK, EVERY TIME I CLICK TO CONTINUE THE SPEECH TREE EVERY SECOND I WANDER ACROSS THE BEATIFUL AND BRILLIANT LANDSCAPE WAITING FOR YET ANOTHER TITILLATING RANDOM ENCOUNTER IS AN EXPERIENCE THAT I WILL TREASURE FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE. YOU HAVE LIVED AND DIED IN VAIN IF YOU GO THROUGH YOUR LIFE WITH OUT EXPERIENCING THIS UNPARALELLED JOY.BUT THERE IS SO MUCH MORE THAN JUST JOY. THE FIRST TIME THAT AERIS DIED I I WAS SO STUNNED THAT I HAD A STROKE AND A HEART ATTACK SIMULTANEOUSLY WHILE VOMITING AND POOPING MYSELF, AS THE TEARS STREAMED DOWN MY FACE. IT WAS SO INTENSE THAT I PASSED OUT, AND SLIPPED INTO A COMA. FORTUNATELY, MY DEAR FRIENDS SET UP A PLAYSTATION IN MY ROOM AND PLACED THE CONTROLLER IN MY FLACID, COMATOSE HANDS ALLOWING ME TO CONTINUE THE GODLY ADVENTURE. THE SERENE YET POWERFUL, BEAUTIFUL YET FRIGHTENING MUSIC TURNED MY COMA DREAMS INTO JOYOUS VISIONS OF WONDER, WHICH MADE ME WISH NEVER TO AWAKE, WERE IT NOT FOR MY URGENT NEED TO COMPLETE THE MYSTIC QUEST.THE COMBAT IS A SPECTACULARLY INTENSE, CEREBRAL AFFAIR. THE EARTH-SHATTERING VISUAL EFFECTS AND SPELLS LEAVE ME WEAK AND NAUSEATED EVERY TIME, YET I CANNOT, AND WILL NOT STOP, NO MATTER THE PRICE. WORDS COULD NOT ATTEMPT TO DO JUSTICE TO THE INTENSITY OF EVEN THE CALMEST FINAL FANTASY BATTLE.THE STORY IS LIKE NO OTHER, THE SPECTACULAR DIALOGUE IS AN EMULSIFICATION OF THE GREATEST ASPECTS OF SHAKESPEARE, CHAUCER, ELIOT, TENNYSON, DONNE, HOMER, MARLOW, PLATO, ARISTOTLE, HARDY, FAULKNER AND JOYCE ROLLED INTO A PACKAGE SO MALIFLUENT THAT EACH OF THESE GREAT WRITERS WOULD DESTROY THEIR WORK FROM SHAME. THE PLOT CREATES A RICH TAPESTRY OF JOY, WONDER, FEAR AND AWE THAT LEAVES MY HEAD SPINNING, MY HEART POUNDING, MY BOWELS CLENCHING, MY HAIR RAISED, MY STOMACH TURNING AND ROILING, MY KNEES SHAKING AND MY EXTREMITIES COLD AND SHIVERING, WHILE A JOYOUS PASSION STILL BURNS FROM WITHIN. THE CHARACTERS ARE UNIVERSAL ARCHETYPES OF EVERY MAN, WOMAN AND CHILD YET THEY ARE UTTERLY DISTINCT, UTTERLY ALIVE, CHILLINGLY REAL, LOVABLE AND EROTIC TO THE END. THE STOIC, HEROIC AND CHRIST-LIKE CLOUD STANDS AS A SYMBOL OF ALL THAT IS GOOD AND TRUE IN HUMANITY, EARTH AND ALL OF ETERNITY. THE LOVABLE, GRUFF 'N TUMBLE BARRET IS CLASSIC EXAMPLE OF THE INDOMITABLE NEGRO SPIRIT. AERIS IS A FRAIL FLOWER OF BEAUTY AND WONDER, A REPRESENTATION OF THE LOSS AND SACRIFICE THAT INEVITABLY OCCURS BEFORE ONE REACHES THE APEX OF TRUE ENLIGHTENMENT. SEPHIROTH IS AS BLACK AS THE DEEPEST PITS OF HELL, AN EMBODIMENT OF THE SATANIC, UNGODLY, BLASPHEMOUS AND PROFANE FORCES WHICH SEEK TO CRUSH THE FRAIL YET UNBENDING ROSE OF THE RIGHT. STILL, ONE AS MEEK AS I COULDN'T HOPE TO ANALYZE ALL THE INTRICACIES, METAPHORS, CHIASMAS', SIMILES, HYPERBOLES, ANALOGIES, FABLES AND PARABLES WHICH FILL UP THIS TEXT, WHICH IS EASILY THE DENSEST AND RICHEST OF ALL KNOWN HUMAN AND ALIEN LANGUAGES.ALL THE BEAUTY, TRUTH, MEANING, WONDER, SIGNIFICANCE AND INTEREST IN ALL THE WORLD ARE AS NOTHING ONCE YOU HAVE DISCOVERED THIS HIDDEN TREASURE. I FOR ONE WOULD TRADE ALL MY REMAINING DAYS FOR BUT ONE MORE MINUTE OF FINAL FANTASY VII INSPIRED PLEASURE, RATHER THAN BEING FORCED TO LIVE A HOLLOW, BITTER, JOYLESS EXISTENCE WITHOUT IT.
i got this game right when it came out in 1997. it was 49$ then. and people were literaly fighting in line. when i took it home, i began to play, play, play, and play. i've beat it 3 times and i still wanna go 'round a few more times. it's a great game.ENJOY YOURSELF!
Ever since 1997 I got in the habit of beating this at least once a year. I love this game so much that I never get tired of playing it. There are very few games that I fall in love with and have to play over and over. Mass Effect, Heavy Rain, and Fable to name a few. The story is great, the characters are very memorable, and it has one of the best villains out of most of the games I've played. At certain points in the game you actually feel there is no way you can win against a guy like Sephiroth and why bother.Yeah the graphics may be outdated and the characters may be blocky looking but that is no reason not to play this game. The story is great and kept me interested all the way to the end. If you like playing Final Fantasy but haven't tried any of the older ones, this is a great place to start. It's a stand alone game and has nothing to do with the other ones ( even though it is the seventh game). I love it and still plan on beating it at least once a year for as long as I can.
The greatest FF is hands down IV. This game offers cutscenes and a story that will keep your eyes glued to the screen until you beat it. The characters are very enjoyable as well. The bosses can get a little tough, but if your a hardcore gamer, this shouldn't bother you at all. I highly recommend this game even if you are not a fan of the series. This game does take a long time to beat, but thats another positive thing this game has to offer, as do most FF games.
There's much i could say about this amazing unrivaled classic, however i'll keep it swift since it's infamous status as "Best FF game Ever" is world-known.This is proof of Square's original "GOLD STANDARD" days, before they became Square Enix.Needless to say, the Final Fantasy Name is tarnished by recent FF titles that don't even need to be mentioned in this classica review, all in all, there beth not' another grand final fantasy since 1997, A hui kaua Final Fantasy VII.
Lets face it people, this is the reason you bought a Playstation. Its the game that made me buy one. Although the game is not without its problems that are irritatingly noticble now (a horrible translation, bad grammer, etc) for its time this game was revolutionary. Square made great use of FMV technology to progress this very anime like story line. FF VII is one of three titles argued to be the best of them (VI, VII and VIII), and is the game that started the RPG revolution that made Playstation what it is today.These days this game is sorely dated and this game should be remade using GCN technlogy. I do not believe that they should make it realistic. Idealy I'd like to see them use toon shading in this remake idea to replace the 3D monstosities which were featured in the game originally. The original charcter models were inconsistant and largely overly blocky. However the battle scenes and major FMVs offered a whole lot of anime potential. This game needs to be toon shaded!
OH MY GOD! I've had this game for about 4 years now and it still kicks a**!  The plot is amazing and totally unique (and never gets old) The characters are dynamic and well done, the combat system is well thought out, and the magic system is much better than that of FFVIII.  The only possible flaw with this game is the polygonal graphics, but when everything else is so amazing, WHO GIVES A F***?  The story follows a rebel group known as AVALANCHE as they battle a large evil multinational corporation, but as they get closer to bringing it down, they soon realize the real fight for the safety of the world is still to come when a madman known as sephiroth (the greatest villain ever concieved)tries to summon forth a power that will destroy the planet, but amke him an all powerful being.  Plot twists galore and about 70 hours of gameplay make this game an entirely different experience.
I will never get rid of my FF7, I will hurt somebody who try's to take my FF7. Thank you for reading my review.
FF7... if you've ever played this game, the words send shivers of delight down your spine. Squaresoft really outdid themselves with this one. The world's in trouble thanks to a large corporation (Shinra) who is, basically, sucking the planet dry of its natural resources. Bummer. That's where Cloud, Barrett, and Tifa (oh, yeah, there's this girl named Aeris... hint: be nice to her at al times) come in, equipped with HUGE swords, a Gun-Arm (gotta get me one of those), and snazzy magic spells and fighting combos. The game is a marvel to play, and is clearly addictive. The gameplay is perfect, with tight controls which respond perfectly, an intuitive Materia (Magic) sysetm, and some kick ... bosses. ...
Probably one of the best games for RPG players.  However, too expensive currently (as of August 2006).  I bought the PC version and the Playstation version years back and still have them.  The PC version does look better especially during fight scenes.  Unfortunately, for use on Windows XP you have to get a software patch for later in the game (chocobo race).  Great great game.  I would say 'shame on you' to the sellers that are charging so much for the games but I understand their reasons.Find it cheap, buy it, play it, enjoy it!
I realized how much I sucked at RPG's when I beat this game purely by chance but I still love it and think it's one of the best games in the franchise. The graphics are horrible but being a game from 1997, you can't really expect them to look much better than the Picasso cubic figures that they are. The animation scenes are fantastic though but that leads me to believe that had they gone to a four disc format like VIII, the gameplay graphics would have been enhanced a great deal. The story is great and just like the other FF titles, the underlying messages are pretty powerful as well. The Final Fantasy games don't just serve an entertainment purpose but they also try to tell you about important things in the world and life.I hope Square Enix believes FFXV is a better game than VII so that it can finally be remade in HD. FFVII is a classic. Good luck trying to "beat" it. *crosses fingers*.
According the the Guiness Book of Video Game Records, this game is in the top five best selling games for the Playstation 1.  That means that it is also the most common.  So why why  would this $10-15 game used jump to sky high prices?  I am guessing that the younger generation wants to see what all the hype was about and that the dvd based on this game did not hurt demand either...  Either way, the game is still awesome.
Released in 1997, FFVII is considered one of the best RPG's ever created. Here is my review on this masterpiece!Graphics: 10/10 Now, a lot of the reviewers are complaining that the graphics bite, and thus giving it one star. What is wrong with gamers today? All they care about is graphics, not gameplay. Back then, the graphics looked REVOLUTIONARY! And don't give me any of the "Oh, they sucked even back then!" That's not true.  Just read the back of the box.  Sure, the character designs on the field looked bad, but the battle graphics, backgrounds, and FMV's make these look great!Sound/music 10/10 Clash! Bang! Boom! Lots of neat sound effects! As for music, well the final boss music is the best piece of music ever. The heavy-metal boss theme is cool!Story 10/10 I don't know why everybody bashes this. It starts out simple, then turns complex with many twists and turns and a lot of character development.Gameplay 1000/10The game is  LONG! The battle system is AWESOME!  Lots of cool mani-games! Chocobo-breeding! Lots of swearing! Tough optional bosses! I could keep telling you about it, but I don't wanna! Ha!Buy? BUY! BUY BUY! This is one of the coolest games! Best of all, it's cheap. I can imangine, 100 years from now, everybody will still be talking about this game! If you want a feast of music, graphics, gameplay, and spicy language, buy this!EDIT: 12/01/05WTF's with the Monster's Inc. cover?
This is it! the best game of all time even ff8 can't stand over this game I did not like rpg's tell I played this game there is no reason not to buy it...well you might lose you'r job get kicked out of school lose you'r boy/girlfriend because you will do nothing but play this game! and belive me or not I stayed up for a full week to play this game with only a 15 min brake every 5 hrs! and I had my parants get me homeschool just so I could play this game more!!! no I'm not lieing! BUY THE GAME!!!
Final Fantasy VII was a major hit in 1997 it was also the first final fantasy game not to be on a Nintendo console. This game has gone on to be without a doubt the most popular final fantasy game if not the most popular jrpg game ever made, and with good reason.If I had any complaints about this game its the fact that the graphics while amazing back in 1997 look a bit dated in 2014 which while some of the other final fantasys might look a little jagged around the edges but the have aged better. Which isn't the games fought or nothing given that company's where still getting the foot on the ground in the whole 3d fad in 1997, but it might turn off other players. Everyone kinda has a legoie look to them. In the battle scenes however are really detailed and graphically hold up today. Now for the music 90% of the games soundtrack is amazing for a psx game its highly catchy and without the music I doubt the game would have been quite as popular as it is today. With that being said there is a few tracks in the game that are hard to listen to but most of it is great.Of Coarse the important part about final fantasy is the story and game play. The story without giving out any spoilers for the few that haven't played it yet, in this game is probably the best we will be able to see in a video game (besides final fantasy 6 and maybe star wars knights of the old republic). What I like about the earlier final fantasy games is that its kinda like reading a book only that your playing and immersed into it. So with that being said I actually preferred this over the newer ones with the voice acting. If your a younger gamer or have kids the may have a hard time getting into a final fantasy game until the have reached the age the can read and perhaps this game can even help them learn or want to learn how to read. Also for newcomers of the series you do not need to play any of the previous final fantasy's to understand the story. Most Final Fantasy's with the exception of the ons that have -2 on them have nothing to do with one another story wise other than a few minor references here and there so if you just want to play one final fantasy you are invited to do that.Game play wise this game is very similar to the previous final fantasys IV-VI with the active time battle. This makes the battles a lot more fun as you can not scroll threw everything all day and get a shower before you make your move. With that being said you do have some time before making a move but you do have to be careful. Anyway this is on of the more easier final fantasys although it is still challenging none of the final fantasys (while maybe 13) are casual friendly and this is no different there is a learning curve however if you don't play games much and are sucked into this on you will learn it eventually. Just might have to start over a time or to.Anyway believe it or not despite popular believe this is not the best final fantasy game. Now it is on of the best and is the best final fantasy game to get started with since its slightly easier but I would recommend playing threw Final Fantasy VI as well since after beating VII I discovered more games in the series and found that this game was a lot more fun although similar plus the story of that game completely sucks you in even more than VII does. Along with the soundtrack of VI is just as great if not better.Anyway even though VI is a better game, although a bit more hardcore. VII is still a great follow up for that game and was the game that got me hooked in the series (although I did played the first on on the old nes back in the day) and is on of the best RPGs ever made anyone into rpgs both western and Japanese ones will be happy with this game as long as there willing to sit threw the outdated graphics, they will find a very fun and likable game with great characters (although this is somewhat where final fantasy started going to stereotypical anime people) and a great story.
In my opinion, this is the greatest Playstation game ever released. The storyline is intense, and profusely in-depth and really grasps you into the storyline, which revolves around many characters instead of one. The music is beautiful and many times envokes emotions during parts of the game, this game , in my opinion, has the greatest musical score. I have noticed people complain about this games graphics, well if you have a problem with graphics in an RPG...then I have to say, your intellectual level is very low. First of all, this game's graphics are fine,even compared to the graphics of more recent video game titles...and the game does Not revolve around its graphics.There are many other factors that seperate this game from other RPGs. This game also has the best story in a video game title to date, and there are situations that occur during the game that add to the story perfectly. If you want a solid, and deep RPG, this is for you.
I'll keep it short since everyone else said what I willTHE GOOD:Engaging storylineside quests and minigamesgood soundtrackinteresting charachters(cloud, Aerith and Sepheroth...that's about it)easy to use battle system...I like the Materia systemThe Bad:Berret....he's anoying in every wayocasional typosMusical scores in some areas is annoyingnot so good dialougesome sound effects are annoyingfinal dungeon was rushedThe Ugly:logging in 44 hours only to find out your saved file is corrupted!Also try: Final Fantasy 3.
This game is a three disc rpg turn based game with the best storyline of it's time. It revolutionized gaming. It literally has weeks worth of playtime value being that you could sit down and play it for weeks on end straight through, non stop and still not do everything there is to do. I absolutely love this game. You find yourself spending so much time playing the characters , that you can't help but care about what happens next, which is a big kudos to the writers at SquareSoft no SquareEnix. They really know their stuff. I'm not going to say what the game is about, on the off chance that you've never played it. I would want to spoil it. I will say be prepared for long hours and late night snacks. I don't recommend this to anyone who works long hours at a job or around heavy machinery. You tend to daze off thinking about the game when you aren't playing.
It's been called everything from the greatest game of all time to the undeniable peak of an already legendary series. It's a big part of the reason Sony overtook Nintendo and ultimately won the 64-bit chapter of the console wars. And, truth be told, it's single handedly responsible for reviving a passion for video games that had lain dormant within me for years. So, cutting to the chase, is it worth the hype, does it really measure up to those previously mentioned, simplistic, cherished classics of the 8-bit era, can it really be as good as it's been portrayed? Well, yes and no. Final Fantasy VII is not the best game I've ever played, period. What it is... well, it's easily in the top five.The story basically throws players into the fast lane right off the bat. The opening video montage leads directly into a late-night raid on the planet's largest governing body, the Shinra, a raid in which the player is actively a part. As events unfold, the point becomes clear; you're a mercenary, aiding a terrorist organization in their efforts to destroy a significant portion of the city to make a point that the Shinra cannot ignore. Five minutes into the game and already it's covered more mature material than the previous six combined. Make no mistake, Final Fantasy VII is not a game you'll want to hand your six year old to help him pass some time in front of the TV. Not only does it cover some rough psychological terrain (mortality, semitism, terrorism and political espionage are discussed, in depth, and confronted... just to name a few) but the characters and dialog themselves aren't nearly as squeaky clean as they were in previous installments.With that said, the in-game visuals of FF7 are very much lacking, especially in comparison to later titles. This was obviously a very early release for the rugged PSone. Edges were extremely jaggedy, especially so when not in a battle, live renderings of the characters left a lot to be desired and even the cutscenes themselves were compressed poorly, leaving huge artifacts all over the glorious video renderings. In sharp contrast, though, the animation and design of the hundreds of different enemies, players, items and boss characters is amazing, and the variety of static, immovable backgrounds are superbly concepted, executed and presented.To a much lesser degree than the visuals, the musical score is undermined by the medium in which it's been presented. This is a soundtrack that would have shaken the earth if it were performed by a master orchestra. Unfortunately, the difference between a symphonic performance of these classic songs and the spotty, digitized portrayal that shipped with FF7 is as large as the difference between the sketches of the characters themselves and their eventual presentation on-screen. Sure, you'll recognize them without a second glance... but they've been crammed into a format that really can't do them any justice.As has been the case with each new chapter in the Final Fantasy legacy, one new tweak has been thrown into the mix, in this case going under the name &quot;materia.&quot; As the game progresses, you'll find these colorful blocks of concentrated energy (be it on the body of a defeated enemy, alone in a cave somewhere or for sale in a shop) that grant the holder magical abilities. They're the only way to upgrade your characters' abilities, and are completely interchangeable between the members of your party. By equipping a block of materia and then defeating enemies, the magic &quot;levels up&quot; and gains new abilities while simultaneously strengthening its previous benefits. Each weapon and bit of armor you find throughout the game has a slot for the employment of materia, which effectively limits the number of them you can use at any one time. You'll eventually need to make some tough choices over which materia to develop and which to ignore.A lot of players have voiced a strong dislike for the materia system, claiming it kills the variety of your characters. The common consensus says that by giving the player the ability to assign any skill or spell to any character, Square has basically given you a bunch of clones with which to do battle. I'd have to disagree. If you really want to nitpick and pay attention to the specifics of each character's stats like that, you'll notice that each character has a different affinity to the various materia commands in the world. Sure, you can give anybody in your party the ability to cast &quot;fire,&quot; but it's going to cause more damage if you give it to someone with an inherently high magic ability. Square's kept the variety in this cast, they've simply given you the ability to ignore each character's strengths and sculpt an army on your own accord.The theory behind Final Fantasy VII is outstanding, yet simple: create a game with an untouchable story, tremendous characters, amazing design, mouth watering special effects and great musical accompaniment. It was the right game with the right pop culture appeal at the right moment. It accomplished every single one of its goals, and it's going to win &quot;best video game ever&quot; polls from now until the end of time because of it. What it won't win, though, is a perfect ten from yours truly. While I'd be more than happy to go so far as to say the story contained herein is the best of all the Final Fantasy games, I can't say the same for most of the other aspects of the game. The visuals and audibles are hampered by the PSone's own internal limitations, the characters are topped by those of FF8, and the mini games make me shake my head more than they entertain me. This is very, VERY close to perfection, but I've admittedly played a few titles that are better.
......that hasn't already been said a million times by a million people. The game is that good , it has without question earned it's place among the top 2 or 3 all time RPG's to date. I played many before and hundreds since and this is the only game that had me invested enough in a character and a story line that when that character died I dropped my controller in shock and a small tear may have found it's way down my cheek. It's a game that , especially at the time of it's release was just that good. If you have had enough interest you found yourself already at this page and remarkably reading my humble review than all I can tell you is....STOP READING NOW AND GO BUY IT.......it is just that damn good. Beware on price though. An original black label version can top $100 in auctions if collecting is your thing , avoid the scammer's asking hundred's. Depending on current market $85 to $125 are about right for the black label one's. If you just want to play it and collecting isn't for you the greatest hits version is more reasonable at $25 to $40 , it's the same game either way and the greatest hits one is a steal in terms of entertainment value.
This is a really good game, but it's aimed more at rpg lovers than at hardcore gamers. If you are one of those people who simply won't buy anything with a E rating, you probably won't like this game. There's nothing obscene about this game except for some minor swearing and sexually suggestive scenes(no actual nudity). This is not a game to be rushed through at high speeds. To fully enjoy this game, you should delve deep into the hidden aspects of this world and learn more about the story as well as obtaining useful items. Many people are spitting on FFVIII and FFIX, because of this game. In my opinion, FFVII is better only by a very, very, slight margin.Also, I think that there definitely were better games during the time period in which this game came out. Zelda Ocarina of Time was definitely better than FFVII, even though it was shorter, and the revolutionary Goldeneye for N64 is just as good as FFVII.Don't let those comparisons prevent you from buying this game though. In an industry with so many good games to buy,comparison will really get into the way of buying an enjoyable game. Buy this before buying FFVIII and FFIX, because it's much easier to learn and it will be a nice introduction to how final fantasies on PS work.
The game is awesome. The story is memorable, almost all of the characters are likable and the game basically becomes more fun as you get closer to the end.
It two words BUY IT.While that alone should be enough, I guess I'll tell you why.This is THE greatest game EVER made. It surpasses the mighty Metal Gear Solid, commonly thought to be the greatest, by a million miles. It also wastes any other FF, RPG, Game, Movie, Book, anything!I've finished it nine times. I'm yet to be bored. I reckon I never will be.....
This is my second time playing Final Fantasy VII, and I forgot how perfect it was.  Everything about this story had such a nostalgic feeling to it.  I am really glad I got to replay this game, and I hope all gamers give this game a chance.Pros1.  The story and the soundtrack are awesome.  I really enjoyed the soundtrack this time more then last time because I guess I am older and I feel what the music is expressing with the characters, and the mood of the situation as well.2.  The boss fights are fair in this game, but I forgot how hard chocobo breeding is lol.  I also forgot how hard the ruby and emerald weapon were in this game.3.  I actually like Aeris the most in this game.  I loved her goofy and flirty personality in this game.  She became my favorite character in this game, and then I would say Nanki was my second favorite lol.Cons1.  The graphics are dated, but a good story comes before great graphics.  Final Fantasy XIII is prime example of great graphics and a terrible story.  A great story is more important.Overall this is great game to pick up again just to see your favorite FF characters :).  Anybody new to the series I recommend playing this one first or FF 12.Game On.
I have played Final Fantasy 9, and although I liked the game overall--I also gave it 5 stars--I like Final Fantasy 7 much, much better. From the moment you pop the first CD in, you are nothing but impressed. I wish all games started out the way this one does--with a BANG! You are Cloud, a selfish newcomer to a resistance group known as AVALANCHE. You don't care about the planet. No way. As soon as this job is done, you want to get your cut and split. The dialogue is truly something else. And the storyline, WOW! The whole idea of a city on a &quot;plate&quot; was really original and appealing. Great movie-sequences. I could go on and on praising this game. Even after playing Final Fantasy 9 I can't help but go back and play this great game. Yeah, it is more science fiction than fantasy, but it is science fiction done RIGHT. Although the game is only three CD's long, the game lasts anywhere from 40 to 80 hours. In the first CD, you spend 6 hours in the huge city of Midgar alone. Then you go on for another 10 hours or so, before going to disc 2. This game has great music, especially the ending boss music. That song is called &quot;One-Winged Angel&quot;. By the way, Sephiroth is pronounced, &quot;Sea-fee-roth&quot;. At least that's how they pronounce it in the song. Speaking of Sephiroth, he's really cool. Definitely the best villian I've ever seen. Overall, this is either the first or second best RPG I've ever played. First place might go to Final Fantasy 6. Sure, the graphics are way outdated on that game, but the storyline more than made up for it. Anyway, buy Final Fantasy 7 RIGHT NOW.
This is one of the most wonderful games ever! It has a great story and really cool characters! This game is really exciting! This is an unforgettable game and I recommend this game to anyone who wants to play a totally awesome RPG!
This is the best RPG ever.  That just involves you the player.  Other people will argue that diablo or warcraft are superior.  This game offers you a minnimum of 60 hour of game play.  Lot of side quests.  Great story line.  And you won't have to divorce your significant other over it, because you're playin with some kid on the other side of the country you don't know.  Graphics are about the best for the era from which the game came from.  If you are lookning for a good RPG with a good story, this is it.  I've had my copy for 15 years.  Ever 5 years or so I just get an itch to play it again.
I can's say enough about Final Fantasy VII.  Even though it is no longer on the cutting edge of RPG games, it is still one of the best.  The story is very complex and flows very smoothly.  The game system is great.  The  materia system really works well to customize the game somewhat by  specializing weapons and armours.  Replay value is  high because it's very  intersting to see the different characters.  This is definitely a  time-sucking game.  I've played for hours trying to breed Chocobos just to  see what's in some of the &quot;unreachable&quot; places.  If you own a  PlayStation, you should own Final Fantasy VII.
The world of Final Fantasy VII is waiting to be explored; only question is, are you ready for it?You play as Cloud, the serious male protagonist, who cannot remember much about his past (due to the injection of Jenova cells.. and the fact that he's a would-be Sephiroth clone). Cloud's adventures take him to many wonderful sites; you have the Gold Saucer, his home-town with beautiful but creep mountains, and even the Temple of the Ancients.Players will be kept hooked until the finale as Meteor crashes down upon earth. The only real turn-off to those who haven't played it yet is the graphics, but think of this; Final Fantasy VII was made in 1997, so the beauty of VIII and IX were but a dream.Play it if you haven't already. You won't be disappointed.
Although this game is frequently criticized for featuring "angsty characters" and a large number of anime and video game cliches, critics of this game's plot should consider that fan perception of the originality of this game has been lessened considerably by the future inclusion of similar character and plot dynamics in the final fantasy series, particularly in FFVIII and FFX. This video game features truly incredible storytelling, and this game should be called cinematic not just because of the inclusion of FMV, but because of the large number of visual metaphors expressed in the game's visual direction. Consider the parallel between the stars in the game's opening and the sparks Aerith watches shooting out of the open electrical panel, or the fact that Midgar's poor literally live underneath its rich. The low-polygon-count 3-D presentation of this game gives it a visual style which emphasizes the geometric nature of objects, and the producers of the game have changed a technical limitation into a stylistic enhancement. The game's usage of light and dark, squalor and cleanliness, gloom and beauty, give it a literary theme of naturalism, by representing the products of human technology as ugly. The sweeping "theme of Final Fantasy VII", which compliments the wide-open world map prior to the summoning of Meteor, is first hinted at in "Holding my Thoughts in My Heart," which plays at the precipice of the dystopian technopolis of Midgar. The game's various themes communicate the producers' vision of which environments represent hell, and which represent heaven. Even the ironic real-life double-meaning of "finding the promised land" is parallelled in the game by Shinra's misinterpretation of the religion of Aerith's race. The game spends a lot of time exploring the identities of the characters of Cloud, Aerith, Tifa and Sephiroth through dreams, memories, and hallucinations, and rather than including definitive, conclusive scenes in which the whole truth of the characters are revealed, the game challenges you, much like a David Lynch film, to discover the reality of various events by logically reconciling the various perspectives from which they are viewed. This is "angsty storytelling" at its most beautiful, as it challenges the players to make an effort to understand the characters, much in the same ways that the game designers would probably like to see more interpersonal understanding within humanity.This game improved upon the limit breaks of FF6, which could only be used by deliberately keeping the characters at dangerously low HP levels, by adding the limit bar, and the barrier and mbarrier bars also made combat more interesting, leading many players to wonder why they were subsequently removed from the series. Some minor design flaws in this game include the three-character limit in battle, which reduces the player's ability to diversify the roles of the heroes, and leads the player, on a logical level, to wonder why the other heroes are unable to participate. Also, the overavailability of gil makes purchasing weapons and items too easy, and minimalizes the usefulness of alternate methods for party growth, such as stealing weapons and items.If the battles as a whole seem too easy in this game, it is because the game was designed with the intention of challenging the player to experience it, rather than challenging the player to get through it. The game is filled with a variety of fun methods for winning battles, from high-powered summons to enemy skills, and some otherwise difficult boss battles become unloseable after equipping a specific accessory. Part of the coolness of this game is the fact that it was the first major RPG to allow the players to develop extremely poweful heroes, by combining abilities such as auto-resurrection, auto-haste, multiple counter attacks, mp absorbtion, and much more. In other words, the lack of challenge is largely deliberate, and designed to give the players freedom to choose which resources to throw at a particular battle, rather than forcing the players to throw everything they have at most battles in order to have a chance for victory. The inessential-but-fun nature of the sidegames, such as snowboarding and chocobo-breeding, mirrors the inessential-but-fun nature of the majority of the special abilities in this game which may be used during battle.FF VII must also be commended for the distinctively unique visual design of every dungeon and section of the map. Walking on the snowy north continent of the overworld, leaving footprints in the snow, feels completely different than walking in the shadow of Midgar, and getting lost in previously-unexplored environments, such as the chaotically-mapped Great Glacier, is more of a pleasure than an annoyance. Experimenting with different characters and weapons is fun in this game, and this is complimented by visual touches which were unique to this game at the time of its release, such as showing a different weapon in the battle character model's hand, depending on what is equipped.I played FFI, FFIV, and FFVI before this game, and on my first playthrough of FFVII, I mourned the absence of some elements included in FFVI, such as multi-party battles, and FFVI's non-linear second act, but in time, I came to realize that in terms of characterization and presentation, FFVII is the quintessential Final Fantasy game.
Can it get any better? Yes, but only with FFX!!I love RPG games, and I've owened all the FF games from FFV and on (the previous ones weren't that great, in my opinion).Those of my friends who don't like playing the game have always wanted me to let them know when I'm playing it so they can watch!!  Imagine your family watching the game with you instead of nagging you to &quot;stop playing&quot; and get a life (?!).
Seriously, it's 2008, why am I reviewing this game so long after it came out? Well, because I want to.  So there.  Anyway, this game is marvelous; I still replay it every once in awhile, and it never gets old for me.  You'd think I'd get sick of it after awhile, but I notice and appreciate something new each time I play it.  I personally think this game has aged pretty well, and I'll continue to play it until my discs break in half.  Warning: This review can be considered to contain SPOILERS!(Well, mostly just in the "story" section).Graphics (10/10): Well, by today's standards, the graphics aren't so good.  However, for their time, they deserved a 10 out of 10.  There's something about seeing a character in 3-D (albeit rather blocky 3-D) that helps you identify more easily with the characters, and even though we now have such advanced graphics with current gen systems, I still find FF7 completely playable and not too hard on the eyes.Music (10/10):  What can I say?  The music in this game is both evocative and distinctive.  The music fits the scenes and conveys mood very well.  This is especially true of the overworld music-I feel like the world really is in dire straights whenever I hear it.  And let me tell you, the first time I heard One-Winged Angel, it put the fear in me (consequently, I died and had to try again - ha ha!).  Anyway, I loved this game's music so much I had to buy the soundtrack!Characters (10/10): Wow.  Characters are excellently portrayed; they all have personalities and some kind of backstory.  Even Yuffie.  I mean, after playing a certain recent FF (12, cough), I've really come to appreciate the fact that no character in FF7 is just tacked on to the party (cough, FF12's Penelo, cough).  Every single character has a backstory that's relevant or ties into the main story in some way.Story (10/10): Wow.  That's all I can say.  FF7 has an amazing intricate network of subplots and character histories on top of the main story.  I love the complexity of it.  However, the one drawback to this complex story is that it requires multiple playthroughs and some thought before you catch everything.  To me though, this makes the game better, not worse.  Also, the pacing of the story is excellent.  I never felt bored or compelled to continue "just to reach the end".Plus, I love the fact that your main character, Cloud, has a flawed memory (spoiler, I know, but who doesn't know the story of FF7 by now?).  Because you see the events of the game through his eyes, you never quite know what actually happened, and  what is the product of his confusion. I believe that having a less than 100% reliable narrator makes for a much more interesting story for the player because it keeps you guessing.  Loads of RPGs feature narrators/main characters with some sort of amnesia, but this is one of the few games I've seen that that actually puts a large focus on "unreliable narration". Some people have complained that FF7's story is confusing and poorly told, but I strongly disagree.  Stories in literature that feature "unreliable narration" (Edgar Allen Poe used this alot; he doesn't catch any flak for it!) are completely legitimate ways of telling a story.  In the case of Final Fantasy 7, it serves to let the player know (in a dynamic and creative way) that Cloud is possibly psychologically unstable. If you pay attention to the game (you might need multiple playthroughs to catch it), you can figure out what's really going on.  This is in direct contrast to a game that just has a crap story and doesn't make any sense because of poor writing (for an example of this sort of game, see my Grandia III review).Battle System (10/10): Once again, I have no complaints here.  I absolutely love menu-driven combat (I know you all are going to laugh at me, but I can't be the only one who likes turn-based stuff).  I love the materia system-it allows for some good customization, which I enjoyed.  In many ways, the materia system is awesome because it allows you to use any character to do anything, which means that no one character is so worthless that you just never use them (with the possible exception of Aeris, since her attack is so low).Gameplay (10/10): This is my catch-all category. The game is just chock full of extras and side-quests.  Plenty to explore and accomplish.  The side-quests are a good balance of combat related things (like destroying the Weapon monsters) and more relaxing non-combat things (like racing and breeding chocobos).  The controls are easy to use and are rather intuitive.  I really have no complaints.Overall (10/10): NOTE this score is not an average, it's my subjective overall score. Personally, I cannot recommend this game enough.  I realize that it looks rather dated by today's standards, but it's what's inside that counts, right?  The core of this game is still gold.  FF7 is like a fine piece of literature-it may be old but it's still a classic.
There is very little about this game that can't be enjoyed.  Because of that simple statement and resident fact, the game has become an absolute joy and cultural icon in the gaming world.  If you've gamed, you've heard about FFVII, if you've played Final Fantasies before, you've most likely been inundated with information about this FF.  Ten to one, you've probably played it.  Over and over and over again.  And for good reason.If you're a stickler for graphics, this is not your game.  True, there are patches for the computer version that makes the graphics of the characters a bit more bearable, but half the charm is the ludicrously sharp angles and style that was just pulling out of 16-bit gaming.  The cut scenes, for its time, were remarkable and had blown our young minds away all those years ago.  Now, however, it pales in comparison to what is being put out on next gen software.  Still, if you can look past the blocky animation the game will still blow your mind.It's a game that you actually, go figure, have to WORK at.  The easiest route is not always the most accessible and you'll spend a lot of time bashing poor Cloud, the main character, into walls trying to find the damn door.  On top of that, you have to battle beasts that aren't going to level up or down with you to present a challenge.  They are what they are and if you can't beat them you better be ready to run around the world a couple hundred times leveling yourself and your characters.  But, the upside to that is the convenience of crap to do!  There's a whole world of mini games and side quests that take up a majority of your time and energy.  The main story is captivating and you wish to see it to its conclusion, but at the same time Gold Saucer and Chocobo Breeding might very well make you into an addict.  This makes the game, in the later hours, a bit easy to beat since you might very well grab every summon and every materia known to the Planet, which will make your characters into walking, talking nuclear bombs without the fallout.The characters are all very rounded and all have a depth of story to them that is very typical of Final Fantasy, but they are not loosely connected by coincidence, but rather a drive to see the world saved.  Their reasons are all unique to them and it makes the story as believable as any since we all know what it's like to be part of a group that stands for something, even if it's something small.  The antagonist is just as round.  Sephiroth is as complicated as the rest and will present quite a challenge to you as you progress through the game.There were many breakthroughs with this game that helped to pave the road for future FFs and separate future RPGs, but it makes it no less fun to play because it's so called "old" or "outdated".  A definite gem, worth the time and effort, and all kinds of fun.
very expensive, but this game is worth it. for anyone looking to buy it know that the ps3 has it as an available download for like 10 bucks. ya its no on a cd like you remeber, but hey it saves you some cash. this game is great its a must have game for any true rpg gammer.
This game is ahead of its time,always something to learn,always adventure to enjoy.  I highly endorse this game. It is one of a kind, a classic.
This game was truely ground breaking for its time.  I can't think of a single RPG for a game console that had so much depth with character development, story and optional side quests as this.  The graphics and sound were phenominal in their day.  Any RPG or FF fan should give this game a shot!Recommended party:  Cloud, Cid and Barret; you'll be laughing like crazy!
No RPG has come close to having the kind of stories and atmosphere that the Final Fantasy series has.  But no Final Fantasy game has come close to the timeless masterpiece of Final Fantasy VII.  The characters are superb!  I will never forget Cloud, Aeris, Tifa, Barrett, Cid (Highwind) and the others.  The story is incredible and the music is classic!  Sure, the sound and graphics don't measure up to PS2, Xbox or Gamecube.  But this game is above all that.  Video games have never left as deep an impression on me like this one has.  This is THE defining title in the Final Fantasy series.
I don't even know where to begin.  This is the game that made me want a PlayStation in the first place.  The story....jeez, it's better than most books.  It has so much, so many twists, and lots of unexpected surprises, that once you finish this great game, you'll feel proud of yourself, and you'll go to everyone and say &quot;I JUST BEAT FINAL FANTASY 7! YES!&quot;  It's that good. The FMV is excellent, I wouldn't expect anything else for Sqaresoft, and the music fits the mood.  The in-game graphics could use some work.  They have blocks for hands and have no mouths, but it's the graphics are not THAT important.  With battle, don't expect this to be a shooter or anything, the battle system is called Turned based.  That means that each character has a meeter, and when it fills up, they can attack, cast magic, summon a monster, or whatever.  One annoying thing about battles, is that when you walk around, there are too many random battles.  One fun thing to do is equiping weapons, armor, and materia.  Materia is the magic get to use.  It's also the summons.  The game world is HUGE.  It is.  And there is so much to do, that the list is nameless, and it's just like a real world.  There is also a place where you can breed chocobos, they are giant birds.  Doing this takes a long time, but it's very rewarding.  THat's just one of the things you can do.  Trust me, GET THIS GAME!
This is the "must-have" of the series. Skip VIII, get IX and X, and throw yourself into the mists of time to rekindle that old flame called Final Fantasy VII. This game brought the non-hardcore gamers and hardcore gamers together. (much like Star Trek IV did with non trekkies, trekkers...) The CG effects left a mark on the people who played it and introduced Final Fantasy to the mainstream. I never played any FF before this and wasn't the least bit interested, but, I tried it...the rest is history. The Statue of Mario was replaced in '97. One last thing, don't let the release year fool you...VII stands as outstanding graphically as it did then and weaves a tale that will still amaze...
Ok...  This game is way way way too under-rated!!!  What's wrong with everyone.  I know the graphics are not as good as any later RPG games.  But does that really matter that much?!  he storyline is an absolute kick, too.  I can't believe some people don't like it!  Yeah, it might be a little confusing at first, but as you put yourself in the game, it really gets much better!  The good thing about this game is that you can have many different choices and events going on everytime you play it.  Choose different options the second time you play it and you can get different responses and items!  I'm not gonna say this game is the best b/c everyone has different opinions, but this game is really a great RPG kick!  And all you people who do not agree with me, try to stop comparing this game to all these other new RPGs and the later Final Fantasies that has like perfect graphics and other advanced techs.  View this game as a whole new RPG that you have never heard or thought about, then maybe you will start to appreciate the beauty of it.  This is really a great game, I will never regret buying this RPG!!!And I don't know if you noticed, but check the other reviews, many of the reviewers do not know how to use the ratings and gave it 1 star or 0 stars when they actually intend to give it full stars!!!  So this game is really greater than its rating!!!
After being on the SNES for a number of years, Nintendo and Squaresoft split up and Square created its own game console, the Playstation. And FF7 just might be the best game ever made for it. FF7 defined what an RPG should be, with an intricate storyline, characters with attitude, an addictive battle system, and everything else that makes an RPG worth playing. This is what RPGs should look, play, and feel like, but it seems like none are as good as this one. The action starts from the very beginning, starting with a terrorist group called AVALANCHE on their way to destroy a power plant called a Mako Reactor, which sucks the life out of the planet in order to provide the people of the city Midgar with electricity. These Reactors are spread across the world, and AVALANCHE's main goal is to destroy all of them to save the planet. However, a creation of the Shinra, Inc. company has come back to haunt them: a humanoid creature named Sephiroth, who takes his Mako-filled disfigured mother to find the Promised Land and destroy the planet. Then, Cloud, a shallow character with a mysterious past, and his team must pursue Sephiroth in order to save the planet. The storyline then gets even more exciting as other problems arise, but you'll have to play to figure it out. A good RPG for any game fan, this is something you'll have to play to believe.Overall: 9/10Music: 8/10Storyline: 9.5/10Characters: 9/10Replay Value: 9/10.
The greatness of this game doesn't have to be typed. If you've been living under a rock for the past 20 years, let me tell you this game is quite possibly the best in history. New RPG fans must try this classic. This game could play on PS3.
When it comes to an RPG, none can top Final Fantasy. With quests galore, a great story, amazing visuals (considering the time period), and customization that is pretty respectable it still can hold its own against games today. There are even multiple optional characters! (Yuffie and Vincent). For anyone interested in gaming and RPGs this game is a must without a doubt.
This game was my first RPG back in the day. I absolutely loved it. I really would love to play it again, and I'm sure this game is overhyped for many that didn't play it back in the day. This game had charm, great CG cutscenes, and it totally captured me in the last few hours. Some say it wouldn't hold up by today's standards, and maybe not. But I would love to play it again someday (maybe on PSN) and would love even more a remake done in HD.I've been an RPG fan ever since.
I think that this is the greatest game ever done by Squaresoft.  I say the Weapons were the best part besides the cool equip weapons like speacials (Ultimate Weapons) or Summons were also pretty cool.  I spent many hours on this game but still I never got all the things.  I think the most funnest part of it was finding or buying things you neede.  The battles were pretty fun too.  John.
I heard people say this game sucks because they say the story is stupid, but they don't understand how good of a game this was in its time, it was a masterpiece and if you can find a place to buy it from DO NOT resell it this game will be hard to find in the future so its only good to buy it and keep it as a collectors item !
This is arguably the greatest Final Fantasy game of all time. Some of the best heroes, villans, story line, and character dynamic in video game history.Product arrived as described and on time.
For me this was my first Final Fantasy experience and I am proud to say this is not only one of my favorite Final Fantasy's its also one of my most favorite rpg's. I don't give VII 5 stars because its the first final fantasy game I played, I give it 5 stars because it truly is an amazing roller coaster of excitement, emotion and even add humor into the mix as well as not being just kid friendly. Not only that but it has the one of the most memorable vilians if not the most memorable one, Sephiroth.Storyline: In VII you play as Cloud Strife a mercenary for hire. As the game begins you are thrust into battle immediately as you have joined up with a rebel (or terrorist, if you will) group called Avolanche, who either its members or supporters needs to learn how to spell, to blow up a Shinra reactor in the city of Midgar. Shinra is a corporation that is sucking the energy, called Mako, out of the planet which is slowly killing the planet. After this job and the next you end up joining Avolanche and pretty much becoming the leader of the group taking over Barret's spot. As the story progresses you find out you were a member of a group called Soldier, Shinra's elite soldiers, and befriending the main villian Sephiroth. Thats the introduction to VII as I will not go into it any deeper. I will say that the story gets more complex, very emotional and has some really good twists along the way. It also deals with more adult themes such as cussing and even some cross-dressing to name a few.Characters: Square dived in really deep on some characters background and left others barely scratched. Cloud and Sephiroth have the most character develpment in the game and their story's intertwine quite a bit. As the game progresses though, Sephiroth and Cloud's stories start developing on their own and not relying on each others. Aeris role and story in the game is probably the most important supporting characters in the game followed closely by Red XIII. Tifa, Barret and Cid get good stories into their backgrounds and definately add their importance in the story as well. Another member is Cait Sith who you find little about and forces his way into the party. Vincent and Yuffie are optional characters to have in your party and can easily be missed to get if you aren't paying attention, assuming you want them in the party in the first place. They don't play much part in the story and have very little background insight on them during the game.Combat System: The combat system is developed around whats called materia. Its what you need to use magic and can be found after defeating bosses, lying around in room or just bought in stores. Everything that has to do with fighting is centered around materia, from equipping your weapons and items to casting magic-its a must to be knowledgeable about how to use your materia and use it properly. Your materia also gains experience in battles, not by using it though, but by equipping it to your armor and items you have equipped on your character. You can also use materia together such as the "all" and "fire" materia. You equip it on your weapon or item that has a sideways figure 8 looking thing on it and when you cast fire you hit all your enemies instead of one. The last thing about materia is once you max out your experience in say your "fire" materia it reproduces another one starting the new materia experince at 0 and you now have 2 fire materias instead of one-You can also do that to the summon materia's too. A few other things about the combat is its an active time battle system which means while your choosing your commands for characters the enemy won't hang around and wait to attack. The last thing is your limit breaks which are special attacks that you get after your "anger" meter (I guess that what you can call it) fills up. You can set it to allies getting hit or if that particular character gets hit. There is a lot of materia out there so don't be afraid to mix and match to see what goes with what.Graphics: The graphics in this game especially for its time, I thought to be simply unbelievable. The random battles are done in 3-D, a first that I know of, for an rpg to do that on a console system and definately set the bar for rpg's to follow. The cg clips were simply breathtaking at the time but after today's games its hard to believe I thought that when I first played the game. You can tell that they were definitely trying to move past the sprite based characters (which they did in battles) from the previous games but they just couldn't leap that hurdle until Final Fantasy VIII. The backgrounds were interactive instead of just being completely preset, but weren't fully 3-D, I guess you could call it 2-D interactive.Music: Music is definitely one thing that can single handedly ruin an rpg such as repetitive fight music and travelling music. This is another area where VII excelled at. Sephiroth was given his own theme music (one that most players if they heard would identify it in a split second) and music at the gold saucer was definitely theme park music. Aeris' theme was also very memorable and after a certain event in the game, upon hearing it you might be caught off guard and you could find yourself tearing up. Even orhestra's have had concerts where you could find them playing music from VII and even other final fantasy titles.Minigames: This is one area where Square could've done better. They have many minigames but few of the games are fun like the snowboarding and motorcycle chase. The others were rather boring and got old really quick. The chocobo races were fun but chocobo breeding was time consuming and ultimately a pain to do. The Gold chocobo was random in breeding and you could end up reseting you playstation for over an hour trying to get it. I persisted and got mine but the reward was almost not worth the hours slaving over it. Just remember if you don't do it you never get to get the Knights of the Round materia, which is the most powerful summon in the game.Final Fantasy VII came from out of nowhere hitting the world like an asteroid sending shockwaves all over the video game nation. It single handedly put rpg's on the map for the non-hardcore gamers and sent hardcore gamers into an rpg frenzy. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion but you can't deny that Final Fantasy VII deserved the hype that it created. It took all the best aspects of rpg's such as the story, love story, character build-up, an easy to use and tactical fighting system and combined 3-D models for its random battles, an interactive background and music that has been remembered for over a decade. Also having follow up games years later coming out because of the huge fan base. You can say that another rpg would have done it sooner or later but the truth is Square put one heck of a game together and they did it first.You can call me a square fanboy if you want but the truth is I'm an rpg lover. Yes, I have played almost all the final fantasy rpg's out there. I have also played the incredible Lunar games, Grandia games, Xenogears, Xenosaga, Legend of Legaia, Legend of Dragoon and the list goes on and on to more recent titles on the ps2 and 360. The truth is that none of those rpg's shook the foundation of the entire gaming world and turned it completely upside down. Even people who hate rpg's hate this game the most out of all the rpg's out there because its the one they had to hear about the most!Final Fantasy VII gets a straight 5 out of 5 and deserves more for the bars they broke and limits they pushed. Not only that, but its characters are timeless and memorable, its story is amazing and emotional and the music is like none other for its time.
I remember back in the old Playstation days where Final Fantasy 7 was all that you wanted play, which is not surprising since this very unique game has a very touching plot, graphics that are so very sharp, characters that you remember--even 7 years back from the game; it's just a solid RPG game that should never be turned down---anybody will love this game.  Continue on to hear details that I remember from FF7.The music was amazing.  The music from many battles, where Cloud, the main character, faces enemies that are "in his way", let's put it, is very powerful and makes your heart race.  Orchestrated, how would you say, music composed from a symphonic orchestra, just pure classical music--THROUGHOUT the entire game!  It's great!  One of the many strong points in this game.Cloud, the main character, starts off in a large, urbanized city, which you will see once you start the game, once you get off the train with that big muscular guy your with.  This huge city you're in is defiantly humungous, it really is; skyscrapers, apartments, high rise buildings and smokestacks, it's impressive I'm telling you, and, you guessed, you're going to have to explore the whole city in this adventure!  There will be instances where Cloud meets friends in different places as you progress through the game--apartments, hospitals, high-rise towers.The story is very real with characters that respond like in real life.  For example, I was playing a quarter of the way through the game, where we (Cloud, other dude, a couple other of Cloud's friends) had to walk up many flights of stairs to the top of this monstrously tall building---Cloud's friend gets tired of going up the whole stairway, "how much longer do we have to go".  That was when Cloud had to face another chaotic enemy, this time on the exterior elevator--hey it's challenging, but at least you get a good view of the city from a 1,000 feet up!.....Another instance is where, in this large scientific industry, Cloud falls off a bridge (not a bridge, just an overpass to walk on), 500 feet up in the air, with his girlfriend shouting for help---a very great movie sequence that I recall vividly.Obviously, I remember FF7 very well, because this game is like a movie that you, as Cloud, progress through, with obstacles, battles, conflict, even love scenes with Cloud and his girlfriend (don't worry--that's nothing compared to today's standards). I tell you, without the enthralling and emotional, orchestrated music, this game would not be so great.  But the FF7 has it...music that is very suitable for the battleground, hideous situations, emotional moments, and many more instances.Overall, this game is spectacular and it will leave an impression on you.  This game is that good, and I'm telling you, you definitely need to get this game!
At a first glance, Final Fantasy VII appears to have boxy graphics, lack of special effects, and perhaps even a dull story-line with the stoic hero, Cloud Strife.  However, this game offers so much more than what a quick glance can give.  The characters' graphics may not be fully detailed, but their personalities and body language make up for all of that.  Each character was thoughtfully created with unique story, background,and demeanor.  Unlike many of the Final Fantasy games, one does not get to know the villan as well as the mighty Sephiroth on Final Fantasy VII.  I hated him, yet felt sorry for him at the same time. To make it an even more intriguing game along side of the story-line and character development, the battle system was well constructed.  The Materia system allowed the player to equip Materia, (magic) to their weapons.  (Certain weapons had more Materia slots than others)  When some Materia is linked together such as -All- and -Lighting- it can create an overall attack on all the enemies versus just one. Though some may debate that the graphics sucked, one has to understand that this game came out in 1997.  Graphics six years ago were bound to be worse than what they are now.Pros: Characters that were deeply thought out and well woven into the plotA fun and addicting battle systemSeveral mini-games and great incentives for winningChocobo breeding and racingCons: Graphics may bother those that are use to newer gamesOverall, this game has so much to offer.  I am always tempted to replay it because of things I missed, such as getting Cloud's final limit break Omnislash or beating Ruby and Emerald Weapon.  Just twenty minutes into the game, I was hooked.  It was the first RPG I had ever played and ever since I loved the genre.Final Fantasy VII is worth all the Five Stars I give, because I believe it set the standard to the RPGs to follow.
If I don't play this game for a period of time, I go through withdrawl and I'm not kidding. This game features so many epic events and cinematic sequences. You start the game out wondering what it's about, then you come attatched to it and you can't quit. Soon you are one with the game and you understand every little detail and you feel you are Cloud Strife, the main character. From the Assault On Reactor No. 1 to The Northern Cave to save the world from Sephiroth, this is beautifully thought out and planned. I believe there is not a better game out there. This is the game that made me an official RPG player. I didn't even know what an RPG was before this! My first time playing this was on a japanese demo now out of print and very rare...it came with the Tobal No. 1 double package. This demo had Final Fantasy 7 demo, Final Fantasy Tactics (cinematic), and Bushido Blade (cinematic). I heard about this game, and good things about it, so I decided to try it out. I played it, and it was very different from the regular game, for instance you start out with Aerith, Cloud, and Barret and magics (Bolt, Bolt2; Ice, Ice2; Demi, Demi2; Fire, Fire2, and Leviathan Summon). It was the Assault On Reactor No. 1, then it ended.  I soon became addicted and I played this demo every other day, and played it more than Tobal by far. I became very intrested in this game and everyday I played the Reactor level. I found more and more things, and I didnt have enough money to buy it, so I had to wait a whole year, and finally bought the 3 disc epic for playstation. Now I play it at least every two weeks, and I have beaten the game 3 times, and find a new secret and learn something new every time. This game is absolutely amazing. With a five-star rating, and not a four-star rating in sight, you know this HAS to be a good game, and it doesn't lie. I love this game to death and it will soon be out of print, so pick your copy up today before it does.
First let me start off by saying that Final Fantasy VII was the beginning of the next generation of gamming, and I'm not just talking about PS1 games, I'm talking about all big games of the present day. FFVII is and was the blueprint for all the "next generation" games of today. Now that's out of the way let's talk about the game. FFVII is still the greatest RPG of all time, graphically the game shows it's age (circa 1997), and the game play isn't exactly the easy moving/user friendly style we're used to today, but those so called draw backs don't hinder the awesome story, the great fantasy atmosphere, and the wonderful characters including Cloud, the quiet and reserved hero of the story and of course Sephiroth, who is in my opinion the greatest bad guy gamming has ever seen (any fan of this game knows what I'm talking about). I'm not going to tell you about the story because I don't want to ruin a great experience, just take my word for it, Final Fantasy VII is still my favorite video game of all time and if you give this masterpiece a chance you wont be disappointed. Five stars!
After playing all the US released predecessors to this title, I saw the commercials and got actually mixed feelings, feeling it would be hard core, but not as epic.  Boy, was I WRONG!The gameplay matches that of Final Fantasy VI (FFIII in the US), but the controller for the playstation adds a new stability element to control.  The battle system is very simple any [person] can win random battles with the clean interface.  Also, the Materia System (magic system) is very user freindly and gives the character's powers that you can almost feel you now posess yourself.To add to this interactive realism is the greatest graphics before Resident Evil 2.  The pre-rendered backgrounds are more artistic than most entire games are, the battles are cool with cool monsters and amazing spell effects, and the Cinematics, ..., well, just WOW!To continue this interacive movie/addition to life itself is yet another great soundtrack composed by gamemusic god Nobuo Uematsu (bigger than any other composer name).  The music arranges from mysical to energetic, from simple to epic, and from peaceful to apacalyptic.  &quot;Aeris&quot;, &quot;Cid&quot;, &quot;The World&quot;, &quot;Jenova&quot; and &quot;The One Winged Angel&quot; (the last battle theme) are the best tracks in the game, and some of the finest tracks ever devised.To complete this circle, Squaresoft gave this game a storyline of true epic preportions.  While I did tear several times in earlier Final Fantasy titles, I never really CRIED, but when the big plot twist at the end of CD 1 occurs, I still ball my eyes out.  Never before has emotion and narrative been combined so well into one epic.  When done with the game (and watching the stunning ending that's beyond description), I felt like I just finished a novel, one in which was beyond the puny use of words could elaborate.  I was in awe, and I think anyone who pays attention to this game would be too.
I was playing the other final fantasy games and I heard this one was like $1.000 of dollers but I find this and i am glad to casue i really wanted to play this. So yeah i am really happy with the item i got.
okay, as you already know, this game has received a greatest hits NOT for graphics, but for GAMEPLAY and STORY. the complete idiots who gave this one star obviously know nothing about real games, and they probably spend their time playing final fantasy VIII, the single worst RPG ever conceived (and 8 is my lucky number too.....).Final Fantasy VII is a phenominal story about an ex-mercenary soldier named Cloud Strife joining up with an underground resistance (avalanche) to help people in the city and stop the evildoers trying to destroy them. later on, after hours of non-stop fun gameplay and twists in the story,*SPOILER HERE*Aeris is stabbed in the back by sephiroth*SPOILER END*and that FMV scene is the first and so far the only video game to ever force me to shed a tear. i remember i was 9 when i got the game, and after reaching that part i cried, saved, shut it off, then went to hug my mother:)as this DEFINATELY does not match up with final fantasy VI, it rivals with the second best RPG ever made: Final Fantasy II. considering that FFII had more challenge to it, but FFVII had a much better story, they both beat each other up pretty badly.all in all, i would shell out 15 dollars just to watch someone play it, the storyline is so good. the only game that can beat this one story wise is FFVI, but this is a really good game with very good gameply (even though its a little too easy)i recommend you buy this game, beat it, then get FFVI.
I would first like to begin with a short complaint of those that dislike this game, but dont say why.  All we ever here from those that 'hate' the game is, &quot;bad graphics, bad storyline, bad gameplay&quot;.  To be quite honest, one should not be writing a review on a game if one does not state reasons why the game is in fact, so good, or so bad.  If you are trying to persuade someone to not like a game, then give the facts WHY something stinks, just dont say it does.  Filling games with bad reveiws just gives a bad rap for no reason, for all of you who didnt in fact like this game, fill out a review with enough detail to describe what made the game so bad.Anyways, enough about bad reviews.  This is the first game i played when i got my very first playstation so long ago when they were just coming out.  I wasnt a gamer then, but this game turned me into one.  Final Fantasy 7 must be the best game i have ever played.  If you think about it, the games graphics were amazing considering the time it was introduced.  I am still amazed today with the battle effects and cut scenes.  Simply exceptional.  The gameplay, well, to say in short, is wonderful.  The game does an excellent job drawing the player into the storyline, and making the player FEEL like he or she is part of the game.  I must have replayed this game over 30 times, each time finding new things.  The FMV sequences are amazing, and cannot be beaten.  There are too many people that state the game has bad graphics; the final fantasy series in itself has always had a cartoonish side to things, so i do not understand why anyone would say the graphics are bad.  Sure we all have our playstation 2's and saw how amazing Final Fantasy X looked, but keep in mind the time Final Fantasy 7 was brought out.  Also, the music is amazing.  When Aeris died, the situation and music almost made me cry.  Then the battle afterwards, had you so mad, that you felt like pummeling Genova with everything you had.  Which is what most did.Anyways, rather than subject this review with every little detail of the game, i will simply state, the game rocks, because it is so innovative, so drawing, and so damn good just plain and simple.  A must have for any gamer.Final Fantasy 7 is still my favorite, even tho i am currently wrapped up in Final Fantasy 11, but thats a different game.By this game and see yourself how wondrous it is.
Let me get this out of the way: I came late to Final Fantasy VII. I played Final Fantasy Adventure on the original Game Boy as a kid, and now that I've grown up into a gamer I figured I'd better go back and play some of the "classics," and FF-VII was near the top of every list I could think of. So this review will be free of nostalgia, since I didn't ever play the game before two months ago.If you're reading this I assume you know the basics (this is an RPG, the first 3D Final Fantasy, et cetera). I'm also going to take for granted that you realize that is game is over a decade old, and as such it's a liitle unfair to compare it to today's games (though it has aged remarkably well).This is an original Playstation title, so it will play on your PS3 (where it's also available as a download from the PSN) and your PS2. You will only be able to save it on the PS2 if you have a PS1 memory card. I don't own a PS3, so I can't vouch for its saving capability.You're tossed into the action from the moment you start the game (this becomes a plot device later, actually). That made me wonder about if the game would be lacking in any kind of non-character-model cutscenes, but I was soon proven wrong: the cutscenes are beautiful, even by today's standards.The combat system uses what's called the Active Time Battle (ATB) system, a decent blend of turn-based and real-time. Each character has a time bar, and when it fills you input a command. Commands are executed one at a time, in the order they were chosen. Bars fill up during selection and sometimes during the execution (depending on the action), giving an element of real-time. I had a gripe with this system as the game went on, as trying to locate one of the hundred or so items on my list was getting my characters hurt, but the feature can be turned off without penalty in the menu.The story is pleasingly deep, both in the main storyline as well as individual storylines for each character. The list of items and equipment is extensive. There is also an extremely high replay value for a single-player game, as the world is so vast, the items so plentiful, and the rewards for sidequesting high, including Yuffie and Vincent (two party characters) and a wealth of exclusive items, usually materia (used to cast magic, add a buff, or add extra abilities) or Limit items, which give characters a sort of ultra attack.Though few and minor, the game does have its flaws. Perhaps the most glaring is the lack of save points (you only get one) in the final level, which is pretty bad considering how devastating a lot of the enemies are. The game usually is portrayed as 3D character running around on what appears to be a 2D matte painting; it looks beautiful, but occasionally is hard to figure out what's a path or exit and what isn't.All told, though, the gripes are far outweighed by the quality of the game. Yes, this game is a classic for a reason. If you have ever played an RPG and liked it, give FF-VII a try. I did, and now I'm a believer.
I got this game 11 years ago and couldn't stand it. Only played it for about 20 minutes. I thought I was reading a book not playing a video game so I gave it away. 11 years later I played crisis core final fantasy 7 for the psp and thought "wow this is a good story" so I decided to play the original Final Fantasy 7, to my surprise it was selling for well over 100 dollars, then I thought this must be a really good game. Come to find out this is a true masterpiece, after playing it I am hooked on Final Fantasy, they have such a wonderfully story, the graphics are always state of the art. And they are timeless treasures you can come back to even 11 years and say wow.
For all gamers out there, this is an excellent game to get! It is a role playing game takes you around Cloud's (you) world and you battle monsters and evil things. You meet many people and form a team of comrades to battle to the end. The graphics are quite exceptional and the magic is easier to handle than in Final Fantasy VIII. It kept me entertained for quite a while! I have actually played it three times through because there is always new things to discover and do. But your gaming life in not complete without this awesome game. --Jordan.
Thanks of final fantasy product give a series of game that kid enjoy for hours in a different kind of word.
Yes I said ONE of the best games ever made ...but not THE best. This game falls right behind... XENOGEARS. You probably havent played it since its very hard to get. But it's definently, in my opinnion the best game ever ...and if u have the chance then get it!!Anyways, FF7 has great graphics but the character models are totally ugly. The backrounds are very nice though, and so are the FMV'sThe gameplay is fun and addicting except ...THE BATTLE SYSTEM. Why is it that every Final Fantasy game has had a completely boring battle system. Why can't they make them like Xenogears??? Xenogears had a very very great and fun battle system. With battles like this in FF7, you'll always be wishing not to run into a enemy.The sound is perfectThe controls are easyThis game is great, period. And if you havent bought it yet then you are insane.Besides Xenogears, no game comes close to this.
This game is EXCELLENT!  Even more so for beginners or people who've never played a Final Fantasy game before!  The battle system is pretty easy and the equipment and command systems aren't hard to get either.  The storyline is deep and memorable too, which is DEFINITELY a plus!  You definitely won't regret picking this game up!
I spent pretty much a whole mounth of my life just playin this game and i dont regret it. This game is just so intence it pretty much starts to rub off on you a lil bit. THe story is very deep and even change a lil depending on how you play the game. Alas they're are people who should never play this game ever. I like to call these people morons because all they can do while playing this is complain about the graphics. People need to look beyond graphics to see weather are not its worth playing.
Excellently plotted and paced, FF7 features several well-developed characters (event the minor characters get some character development), a very well-developed villain, plenty of optional quests and things to do off the main quest, and a great score.The plot unfolds throughout the game, picking up its pace toward the end, but not falling prey to the common problem of tying up all the plot threads in two minutes.  It's well-paced, the plot twists arising out of the characters and situations as presented, and nothing really shows up as a deus ex machina (except for the bit with the blasted snake ...)The characters are generally well-developed;  while the three main characters get most of the development, each of the other characters, including the optional ones, get a few scenes with insight into their actions or their pasts.  These characters also have reasons to be working together, rather than just thrown together haphazardly. The female characters are excellent, though Aeris is just a bit TOO perky.The villain is excellent, well-handled and well-developed.  The lesser villains and some of the other NPCs also get a bit of character development (the optional quest in Wutai with the Turks has to be one of my favorite bits in the game), And the villains' actions make sense within the context.The materia system is complicated.  Expect to spend some time fussing with it to understand how it works.  This is not necessarily a negative, mind.The music is great.  From what I understand, it's a distinct departure from the earlier games, but I haven't played them.  There are a few mediocre pieces, such as Honeybee Manor, but the truly excellent pieces, such as the Turks' Theme, Nightmare's Beginning (Vincent's Theme), and One-Winged Angel (final battle music), more than make up for them, and there are no truly annoying God-don't-play-this-song-again pieces in it.The only real problem I have with this game, is that the FMVs can't be skipped (there's only so many times you can watch the thing with the gondola ...) and that the last battle, especially if you've done the optional quests, is too easy.
If you've never played an RPG before, this one will spoil you rotten. This is where I really started, and I've been trying to find stuff like this one ever since. If you're new at this stuff, but would like to nestle inside of a safe non-threatening experience in the RPG realm, look no further. This is the Cadillac of RPG's. It's easy to play; gives you ample opportunity for increasing your skills, and really touches base with many gaming experiences including fighting, racing, puzzle-solving, strategizing, etc.
I dont even know where to start. i played this game once when it when it just came out and once recenlty. the game is just breathe taking. Even with all the kick ass graphics out today, they are still no match for this game. I almost shedded a tear when a ceratin someone died. The rpgs in this game are decent compared to what is out there today. but remeber this game came out when psx just game out. At the beginning, you are a rebel named Cloud strife rebeling against Shinra corp. in a city called midgar. as you progress in the story you get invovled with clouds past, and he finds out revalations he never knew about himself. i palyed this game for 60 hours and i never got sick of it. if you have never played this game i suggest you GET IT!!! its the best game i have ever played. this game had the most profits in Squaresoft history. Only a Playstation game could be this good. Nothin Xbox would ever have.[...].
The game starts when you are Cloud a Shinra inc soldier and you quit and join a team of mercenaries called avalanche. They want to destroy all of shinra and make midgar a free town. You will fight in over 1000 battles with monsters and Hard bosses. You will have a long journey to finally reach your goal... To KILL Seperoth for all people. He was a friend of yours until he went crazy and started killing. His artificial mother or not real mother Jenova is someone you must kill. She is deadly and youll find out how to kill her later in the game. Seprioth is the enemy, you wont find that out until later in the game. I dont want to spoil the game but.. its the best game ever made.!
I don't know where to even begin my praises for FF7 because everything about it is exceptional. The graphics are probably the first thing one should notice. The characters look much like blocks of polygons, but the backgrounds are sweeping and beautiful and the FM7's are seamless. The music is orchestral and extremely emotional -- Aeris's theme is my favorite, but one can't forget One Winged Angel, which really heightened the feeling of the final battle.But my favorite part is the plot. In its complexity it is beautiful -- there is no possible way to understand it until one has played it more than once. It talks so much of self-sacrifice and giving oneself for a greater cause; of self-doubt and self-searching; of the greater knowledge and wisdom that the planet holds. The characters' lives and pasts weave in and out of each other and each event sets off another deeper into the future.
This is my favorite video game.  I still remember seeing the preview for it on TV: "An evil empire is sucking the life force from the planet, destroying all that's in its path.  It's up to one soldier of fortune to save the world.  If he succeeds, you survive.  If he fails, you can always hit the reset button."  After the game came out, it was months before I could afford it.  It was worth it.  Over a decade later, no game has come close in meaning as much to me as this one.The story has a grown-up, realistic tone to it.  Contrary to the old television preview, it is not an evil empire or kingdom that has taken over the world, but a corporation: Shinra Electric Power Company.  The world is technologically advanced.  The heroes sit at bars and ride trains and watch television.  But it is also a world where magic is possible.  Some of your characters use guns, some use sorcery or martial arts, and of course Cloud wields his famously massive sword, and because of terrific world-building, you can buy into the conceit with ease.  (Of course Cloud uses a sword in a world with guns and laser beams.  He's a super-soldier created in a complicated combination of magical infusion and injection with the cells of an alien being, so he's strong and fast enough that a sword is more useful to him than a gun.)  The journey of the game's heroes through the world is nothing short of epic.  I still have fond memories of the places I traveled to in this game: the slums of Midgar, the Temple of the Ancients, Rocket Town, The Gold Saucer, even the Lost City of the Ancients...This game almost made me cry.  That's how beloved its characters are.  Sephiroth is the greatest villain of any game.  (One of my favorite moments in the game is when the heroes had to cross a swamp where a giant snake lived.  When they tried to fight the thing, it defeated all of them with ease, so the heroes had to ride across the swamp on steeds so they could outrun it instead of fighting it.  And on the other side of the swamp lies...the cut up corpse of the same kind of giant snake.  Sephiroth took it out single-handedly.)  Aeris is just a beautiful character, a pure-hearted girl raised in the slums but born with a special connection to the planet's life force.  And Cloud is the coolest of heroes.  He's noble, a little bit cocky, and kind of psychologically messed up with his repressed memories and all.  And when you find out the truth about his past...that just makes him cooler, in my opinion.There are moments in this game that will stay with you forever.  They are iconic.  If you've played the game, you know what I mean.  Seeing Sephiroth destroy Cloud's hometown comes to mind.  He's standing in the fire unharmed and their eyes meet for a moment, then he turns and strides casually through the flames.  And that spooky music is playing ("Those Chosen By The Planet") with its bells tolling....  Or when a main character dies (the moment that nearly made me--and a lot of other people--cry at a video game), then that music plays.  On that note, the music in this game is pitch perfect.  The tense, rocking music for the boss battles, the creepy alien music when the heroes encounter Jenova (or parts of her), the absolutely beautiful "Aeris' Theme."  And the exultant, darkly emotional "One Winged Angel," which plays during the game's climax is awesome.So there you have it.  Video games' greatest hero and villain all in one place.  The coolest world combining science, sorcery, robot cats, and even a rocket ship.  Music that will haunt you.  An epic story about life, and humanity's place in it.  Characters that feel more like friends.  I keep waiting for a game to come along that will match this one, and I've played many games since.  If you have never played this before then don't let the outdated graphics scare you away (I remember how impressed I was with them at the time).  Even now, it's still worth it.
This is my favorite old game. This game can take well beyond 100 hours of game play. Many side quest like raising Choco Bos for racing. The best part for kids is that they have to read all the dialog. Lots of good cinema's.
A classic for anybody who still has a Playstation, or a Playstation 2. This game is pretty freakin' awesome. Not going to spoil anything, but you should play it if you haven't already.
this is possibly the best game i have ever played, besides the upcoming MGS2, if you are a gamefan and dont haveb this game you outa be ishamed of your self.  go buy it lowly maggot!
Final Fantasy VII was the first release for the Playstation, and the advance in graphics and gameplay brought new popularity to this great series.You play as Cloud, a member of a team of environmental bandits. This rebel group is trying to stop Shinra, an evil corporation, from stealing all of the planet's energy, "Mako".The leap in graphics between Final Fantasy VI and this one is pretty amazing. Where FF6 was a 2D game with 16 bit graphics, this one was fully rendered 3D graphics. You move your polygonal character through a richly painted "mural" of a world. The sound quality is also much better.Along the way, Cloud is joined by Barret, who looks and talks like Mr. T from the A Team. Tifa Lockheart and Aeris Gainsborough also join him - both are characters that are found on the FF/Disney blend Kingdom Hearts.Of course there is a Wedge and Biggs, named after the Star Wars characters. In fact, one of Biggs' early lines is almost straight from the movie. There's a Cid too - he's an airship pilot. This is the Cid they used in Kingdom Hearts.Finally you reach and meet Sepiroth, and his many forms. The game is very rewarding to play, even though its graphics have been surpassed by later versions of Final Fantasy.
The highest grossing Final Fantasy game, and still beating out other Final Fantasy sales on the PSN. One who cannot understand the complexity, maturity, imagination, and heart that went into its story would be the kind to give it a rating of one or even be foolish enough to compare it to Final Fantasy VI.Okay, enough of the overly smug and satirical comments. It is entirely subjective what people think of any Final Fantasy game, but what is objective is that it is the best selling Final Fantasy game to date refer to the following website for further proof if you need a reference: [...]The sales of this game will continue to rise with Steam support, and it is well worth its place in the number one spot. I have tried other Final Fantasy games because of VII and not found them as impressive based on their RPG elements of leveling up materia, upgrading weapons, and limit breaks.Comparing VII to IX you will be frustrated that if your character goes into trance mode (which is the limit break of VII) just before a different character kills the last remaining enemy, then that is a trance gone wasted. In Final Fantasy VII you can hold on to that limit break until you face the next boss. I understand that VIII does the same, but I cannot stand it's gil earnings system, card mechanics, or even characters. Cloud is a complex and confused character, but he's not a total d*ck like Squall. Aeris is a character you care for immediately, Red XII's personal story involving his father will bring tears to your eyes, Cid's rekindling his view of Shera changes him as a person, even Yuffie's story with her hometown and father is relatable despite the little punk stealing your materia. The way I review games is based on their performance as a game, such as what you find annoying about certain games and how the usual mechanics fair for this one. Without further ado, allow me to break it down objectively.Camera: Many games these days suffer camera issues that are downright unbearable, but Final Fantasy VII's camera is always placed in the right overhead area and for some levels at in a nice side scrolling style. You can customize how you want the camera to behave during battle sequences, and you can even control the camera while on the world map. The camera here is perfect with no complaints.Graphics: The graphics are not even that of the typical Playstation format, but not in a bad way. It still hangs on to its roots during story sequences, but during the battles they change entirely to appear more anime inspired, and the cutscenes may seem dated are still decent even for today. Its late old school gaming at its best which helps you harken back to when what mattered most was the...Gameplay: Addicting to say the least. Having trouble putting down the controller until you can leave Midgar? No one is judging you here. The game mechanics are flawless in what they provide in terms of gameplay. Sure, you could always add more, but why fix what isn't broken in this masterpiece? Grinding might seem a little annoying, but it's not about leveling your character up to be twice as strong as the end level boss. The battles are all about strategy, which is understandable why many don't comprehend that. You level up your character, level up materia, swap items, prepare accessories and weapons, earn proper amounts of gil from battles, sell mastered materia, find stronger weapons and armor, mingle with townsfolk, decide how you want to treat an ally, breed and race Chocobos, go on mini side quests, partake in a few hilarious main quests, and all of it feels rewarding. The replayability is on high for this because you can always go back and make different choices in another playthrough, or just relive the story and imagination. One disc wasn't enough to pack such massive gameplay as it required a full three for the mighty Playstation hardware. Don't think you have beaten the game if you haven't beaten Emerald or Ruby WEAPON either. It doesn't end with just Sephiroth.Story: This may be the first game where I add story into the review as the story is its own character in the game. Every character has an emotional background, even the optional characters of Vincent and Yuffie. What happens to Aeris is not groundbreaking even for a Final Fantasy game, but her lacking presence is felt as you journey deeper into the Promised Land hoping to thwart Sephiroth at the reunion for what he has done. Yuffie's teen angst is terribly relatable despite her annoying dialogue, and even Red XIII's mistaken view of his father is met with goosebumps. Even the hard shelled Barret has his past come back to haunt him that must be faced. It's stories that are all wrapped up into one incredible story as you journey to save the planet from being destroyed at the hands of a god in the making. Step aside, Kefka, Sephiroth is no laughing matter.Controls: The controls are completely flawless and perfectly responsive. Any game with perfect controls are completely playable based off that reason alone, but Final Fantasy VII utilized your controls in different ways many times so you gain the most from your experience. You snowboard, defend your allies by motorcycle, ride and race chocobos, fly the greatest airship in the Final Fantasy series, and battle intimidating monsters. Still the controls are a small part of what consists of this legendary game.Sound: The regular sound effects again take you back to the old school Final Fantasy days, but the music is without incomparable. From when the game first kicks off in Midgar, to when you first meet Aeris, to the excitement of the Gold Saucer, to the dramatic confrontation Red XIII has with what is left of his father, to the final confrontation with Sephiroth. Every tune strikes a chord that will last forever and is ingeniously constructed as well as perfectly fitting. No Final Fantasy game sounds as pleasant, and that isn't based off of just nostalgia. The music is perfect for listening to outside the game with melodies that will bring you back to your first experiences.In conclusion, words do not do this game justice. Play for yourself especially if you need to catch up on classic Final Fantasy games (now that they're going the annoying subscription fee route). Enjoy what brought this series to its success and make Sephiroth pay.
I love the story in this game ,the battle system,music,just everything about this game is good (yes the graphics are are bad but i dont care because its the first 3-d one they did and second its an old game) so i would just like to say by this game you will spend hours playing it.
fun to play,good music,great story,all around fantastic game,its would be nice to see it in high def on the ps3 though(remake).
title says it all. the final fantasy games that followed this one just weren't anywhere near as good. everything about this game is pure gold.
I wouldnt advise anyone to pay hundreds of dollars for this game when you can get it at gamestop for only 29.99.Don't be fooled.
This is official now as PSOne classicscheck out your playstation account and get one.
Recently threw this into the PS2 and revisited what I consider to be not only the best RPG but the best game of all times... Aeris. All I gotta say. :D.
Booooo yeah!Best game I've played!  If you like action adventure, this is the best game for it.  It is sooooo cool, the movies are pretty cool also, weapon, a monster, IT LOOKS AWSOME!!!!!!!  This game is totally the best, best graphics, it is just too cool.  No blood so parents, no fear for children, just violence.  I recomend this game to EVERYONE!  No need to rent, buy it while you still can!  I can't for one, to good of a game I guess.
Yup another game for the kids they really liked this one too. This is played quite a bit and still working.
I have been a fan of The Final Fantasy Series since it first came to the US for the NES.  This is yet another great game in the series.  It has great graphics for its time.  It has a very involving story with a lot of plot turns and it has a lot of likable characters that you actually would like to learn more about as the story unfolds.  I would recommend this game for anyone that is into sci-fi, fantasy and RPGs.
Final Fantasy VII in my opinion is the best RPG game ever created and it definately blows away the others that have followed. The graphics are not as good as the ones that followed but one has to think of when this game came out. The story was supurb, music was great and there's not too many villians like Sephiroth. It took me many, many hours to beat this and many days at work struggling to stay awake from staying up all night playing. Not too many games have kept my interest like this one did, my life wouldn't have been complete if I didn't beat this game. Most that like this type of games know what I'm talking about but to those who haven't played this should check it out. This is definately the break through game that changed RPG games forever.
When i first played this game, I was stunned. This game is the basis for any RPG ever put into circulation. There is no way you cannot be moved by the storyplot. The characters in this game have a one of the gratest Personality that any RPG game can offer. The score(soundtack) of this game is one of the bests ever put into an RPG because it sets the tone for this.In order to play this game, You need to have a mind that can understand the reality of the game and I Mean that in a good way. Even if you're not into RPG's, Any true playstation Gamer should own a copy because it is a Miracle. This game is one for the books.
i have beaten this game one time and frickien think this game dominates the rpg section if you are bored and want a very good rpg to play then get final fantasy 7 it will blow your mind out  this gamen will give u plenty of time before u finally get to the end this game is pretty long thats all  also for help on this game go [...] for information on it i can surely expect my website to help u beat final fantasy 7.
I bought this game back when ps1 was the new system. I had never played an RPG before and FF7 was recommended to me by a friend. First night playing I out in 5 hours, I was floored, to say the least. Everything about the game was great, the battle system, story, length, difficulty, I love the materia system and overall I have not one bad thing to say about this amazing game. There is nothing else like it (I've looked). No other final fantasy even comes close, and I've played and beat every single one. In my opinion, to date, this is the single greatest game ever made and a must have for any RPG fan. I REALLY CAN'T BELIEVE the people who gave this game 1 star. Such people are fools and not true gamers in any way. Buy the game, you won't regret it!
Its been a decade since this game has been released & all i can say is 'wow'. This game gets soo much praise (and well blasphemy too) & even has been hailed as 'Quite Possibly The Greatest Game Ever Made', however that's not possible, only to those who think this is the greatest game ever made. But i urge people to try this game out, despite the outdated graphics & no voice overs.You start off as a mercenary, an Ex-Soldier named Cloud who is working with a group named 'Avalanche', a team of members who infiltrates Shin-Ra's biggest Mako city, Midgar. Mako is destroying the planet & Avalanche (known as hippies or treehuggers) is trying to stop that from happening. What Cloud doesn't realize is he's closer to Shin-Ra then he thinks. And a mysterious man known as Sephiroth suddenly attacks Midgar after a tragic event that took place in..Crisis Core: Final Fantasy VIICloud must search for this man as he deals with Shin-Ra & the Turks. All while he tries not to lose his sanity.Ok in my opinion the best way to un-cover this story is to play the first half of Crisis Core (until you reach Nibelheim) then start playing FFVII (this game) until after you get past the part where you find out about Zack.  Then go back to Crisis Core, beat that then finish FFVII.  It doesn't really matter what game you play first & vise versa but if you play this game all the way through it pretty much spoils the ending for Crisis Core.  Although i still think it was exciting to see the ending in higher graphic quality i just knew what was going to happen.Anyways on with the review..Story 10/10:The story for this game is superb, although it lacks a few minor details that not even Crisis Core reveals it still has one of my favorite story-lines in the entire history of videogames or movies. I do recommend you play this game before Crisis Core (before Nibelheim) just because Crisis Core reveals what really happens to Cloud & then this game won't really keep you interested. Besides that though i really think this game is still considered one of the best!Graphics 6/10:The graphics for this game was superb when it first came out. No one still really cared too much about them yet & Square really showed them off for this game (this game was originally in production for the N64) except for the fact that you have blocks as hands! I believe the main game for the N64 wasn't completely scrapped as they were trying to make this for that system but then realized the potential of having CG clips for the PlayStation they went with that system instead. So for those wondering why the graphics look so cartoony in this one, im pretty sure thats your answer. The CG movies still look amazing for the ps1, granted that Square got better at it with FFVIII. Either way, Square is trying to get the original team from this game to pull off a grand remake (to make this game look REALLY NICE) which is still in question, however they have other games they're working on nowGameplay 7/10:Well, lets just say that its not hard but its not easy, of course the actual battles are fairly simple if you know what your doing. And leveling up your characters & materia are the only main factors you have to worry about in progressing in the game.  The problem with moving your character around is that your fumbling around with the directional sometimes because its not quite calibrated right. Or its just the camera view, however its annoying at times.Music/Sound (10/10):I enjoyed the music from this game, i still think it's one of the best ones Square did. Everything from the Bombing mission to Cid's theme this game has it done perfectly! Another good reason why Square wanted this game on the PlayStation, crystal clear stereo sound!Concept 6/10:While it took me several times to go through the game (and beat it) which for some people who don't understand the story will have to play it through a few times. The thing that people get most confused on is the materia setup.  While it was easy for me to grasp some people were like 'huh!?!?' It's like trying to teach a cat how to drive.  I thought this concept was easier then some of the FF games that came out after this one.  But yet again, easy for some, hard for others.Replay Value 10/10:Personally i think this game should have had a new game+ function (where you can go through the game again with stats, materia, items ect.  But maybe if Square gets a remake going they'll throw that function in. Only because i never get tired of this game & its one game that does deserve a remake.Overall, i did give this a full 5 star rating only because i still think this game is the best, despite its problems. And for those who haven't yet check out Crisis Core as well, great prequel to this game.
this is the 2nd bess Final Fantasy in the entire series.  Only Final Fantasy 3 (US) beats this.  the story is absolutely the best in the series next to FF3.  it is sad and exciting.  this is definately a hall-of-famer in the game world :).
Final Fantasy 7 brought a brand new battle system by using  materia.  It made all gamers want to play it over and over again.  While some battles can be tough the game is  magificent.  The additon of the tough American Monsters gives even the best RPG gamer a hard time.  If there was one thing I would have asked for about the game I would have wanted to be able to play has Sephiroth.  Just looking at him its a wonder you could beat him.(Unless you have Knights of the Round)  The game is good and I would reccomend it to every RPG gamer out there.
I having been playing Role Playing games steadily since nintendo, and Sega Master System.  And this is the Best Role Playing game I have played with Phantasy Star of Master system a close 2nd.  I am only on disc one still, but I can't stop playing this game I have to finish it, I just bought FFIX, after reading a review on FFVIII I decided to pass but may go back if someone can change my mind.
Final Fantasy 7 is one of the greatest playstation games.  It is better than Final Fantasy 8 because of its story.  Final Fantasy is a great time if you are looking for something that will keep you happy till you get a playstation 2.  This game is one of the best.
best characters and storyline iv ever played....plot twists..great character development..this game does everything right.. Cloud:the main character is a bad ass, manley man..despite the fatc it probaly takes him 3 hours in the morning to do his hair..but hes cool none the less..barret: a black guy who is also manley and has a really bad temper...tifa:huge boobies, wears short shorts and is probaly really pretty if the graphics were better..oh and shes nice and obviously wants to get into clouds pants...aeris: a good girl who probaly shouldnt stand under balconys or anything somebody can jump on top of her... cid: foulmouth badass...this game has a lot of bad asses...red XIII: plays the role of the wise old man...though hes not a man and techinically in his years hes onky a teenagerGET THIS GAME...ull love it...if u like rpgs ull love this game and follow it like a religion.
This game is truly the best game i ever played on the playstation game console. the character design:perfect the map:perfect the story:perfect this is the greatest games ever made by square soft are this game and close behind is chrono trigger which you can get in a joint package with final fantasy 4,another very well made square soft game and very much worth buying...later.......
Is Final Fantasy 7 really the best one out of them all. To me Yes... To the fans... YES.... According to Square-Enix.... Double YES. This is the companies most cherished and prized game. So much so that they are too afraid to disturb it in any way and have said so openly. But a remake is not lost, remember the 2006 PS3 Tech Demo? Gamers we have a voice, if we want this to happen we need to be heard any way possible. Look at how fast Microsoft removed their xBox One digital downloads only scheme when we united. Keep at telling Square-Enix to remake this game any way possible. The day will come. Then we'll just need to bug Sony about Legend Of Dragoon next.Anywho, one of my favorite games. Unless Final Fantasy 15 ends up being better............... It's a long shot though. Graphics can only take a game so far.
I remember all the hype surrounding Final Fantasy VII when it was set to be released.  GamePro had allready said it may be the greatest game ever made, and that itself is quite a title.  I never really liked RPG's, I'm more of an action gamer, but with all the hype surrounding this game, I figured what the [heck] and rented it a few days after it came out.  I was dumbfounded the first time I played it, I was speachless.  At the time I had never seen graphics like that, and the storyline was so engrossing that I felt a wave of depression actually set over me when I had to take it back.  As pathetic as that sounds, the day I returned it to the video store, I went out and bought Final Fantasy VII and kept playing for days.  Eventually I beat it, then a buddy of mine showed me his strategy guide and I realized I missed a lot of side stuff and extras, so I played through again using the guide, and the experience was even better.  If you have never played any Final Fantasy game before this one is worth picking up, even if you don't like RPG's you'll dig this, though I suggest picking up the BradyGames strategy guide to make the game even sweeter.  Truly one of the greatest games ever made.
The abdominal escapade RPG game Final Fantasy VII. Quite possibly the most excellent Final Fantasy ever in a lot of people's minds. I will agree that this game is extremely great and Square deserves every bit of credit. It has its ups and downs just like every other game out there. I really do like everything about this game but I do like the other Final Fantasy's out there. So if you have only played this game I suggest you try the other Final Fantasy's that have been released.If the intro made you mad then I'm sure that the rest of the review will make you happy. Starting out as a former member of "Soldier" you take the main role of Cloud. You start out with a rebellion group by the name of AVALANCHE and don't forget it. Your inaugural mission is to blow up the reactor to get the attention of "Shinra Inc." to let them know they are ruining the planet by having these mako reactors. So make your point, grab your huge sword and let the adventure begin.Story 10Every body who has played this game knows that the story line is what makes FFVII live up to its title. You are an ex SOLDIER member and joined a group called AVALANCE to stop Shinra (the bad guys) from using all the energy from the planet. WHY?! Because stealing stuff from the planet is not good, that's why. On your way from destroying a mako reactor (steals energy), you run into a pretty flower girl. That whose name I will not say, it's a secret. One of your beginning characters is Barret who is the leader of Avalanche, and with him is Tifa who runs the bar they all hide at, and she also watches his daughter Marlene. Cloud use to live with Tifa in their town called Nibelheim, surprised to see Cloud she runs up to him and asks him how he has been over the past 5 years since they have seen each other.Starting out kind of fast you will notice the game makes a more pace able progress in the story line. The story isn't as long as "Xenogears", but at least you will understand what is going on if you might happen to miss something earlier. Even on my 10th or so time going through the game I still just go through for the story and the game play, but for the most part the story. You have a main villain of course and he goes by the name of Sephiroth. You will meet all kinds of exciting characters and go to new towns that are perfectly designed. Like any other story there are sad times and the good times, but we all want to remember the good times. As we all know the story is one of the best and it keeps you coming back for more. If they just made this game a book, it would definitely be on the top 10 list in no time. That is how good the story is, it's hard to put into words how much you should like it. So just enjoy and move on with the game.Game Play 10The battling system is as normal as any other Final Fantasy. You attack the enemy they attack you, heal, and use magic, all of those good things. At least they don't have the same boss music over and over. Some of the bosses even have dialog in your battles, nothing too major just a grunt or two about how they don't like you and they think that they are going to win the battle. The magic is the basic elements plus your non elementals. There are summons to use which have extraordinary graphics, and a lot of them are just cool looking. The bosses have certain types of skills that you can use by getting a certain "Materia" called enemy skill, all you have to do is wait for them to use the move and your character absorbs the move into there little Materia for later use. The Materia is what contains your magic and special techniques. It can have magic all the way to your little friends called the summons. Each of the first couple of summons they are elemental too, such as Ifrit, he is a fire based monster. Along with Shiva whom is an Ice based monster. They all have their own special "move" that will help you in each of your battles.There is also a little feature called Limit Breaks. So if you ever get tired of using summoning's or using magic use one of these. When that little red bar fills up you use that limit skill and blow those enemies away. Each character has 4 levels limit breaks except for one of them. And when you do a certain amount of using one limit you can get the next extravagant limit. With the first 3 levels of limit breaks there are two in each one. But the forth level of limits is the ultimate which you might have to work you're butt off to get that special item. So there is a lot to keep up with in the game play, make sure you don't forget to check for items hidden in secret places, when it comes to fighting every item you find will help.Graphics 9Being the best graphics of this time of gaming, FFVII tops it all. To start off the characters have no mouths which is ok at least its better than having no faces at all like "The Grand Stream Saga". But we will continue on with this game. The magic has ok graphics at the beginning but as you get stronger magic the graphics glint every where all over the screen. Each element of magic (Fire, Thunder, Earth, Ice are the major ones) has 3 levels, and each graphic is bigger each time and can grow even larger when you're fighting multiple enemies and use it on all of them. The summoning's probably are the better detailed of graphics when it comes to battles. There are sixteen bundles of joy waiting for you in the wonderful world out there. Each one you summon has there own special element or non-element attack when you summon them.The graphics can be very beautiful the first hundred times that you summon them but after a while they can get exasperating of seeing them do the same thing over and over again. Now on to the videos, each video is really greatly detailed. The characters and the surroundings are spectacular, they have mouths in the videos, they actually move to the words but you don't hear them unfortunately. You can tell they tried not to get too detailed with the characters so they wouldn't look nothing like they do in the game, but they basically paint the picture for what they would look like if the game had better graphics. The Limit breaks as I mentioned earlier have really sole graphics for each one of them. The limits seem to actually fit the characters look, such as cloud he will use his sword and completely ruin everything around him. Barret will use his "handgun", to blow away the enemies with ammunition. Each character has graphics to go with them and fit their attitude, and Square really did a good job emphasizing on their details. With ever bit of effort they put into the graphics they really deserve all of the love from everyone.Sound 10One of Nobuo Uematsu's best works in music ever. This is definitely a buy worthy soundtrack. If you do not own the game or the soundtrack, I suggest you save up some money and get both of them right after you get through reading my review. Each song fits with the surroundings perfectly, the best part is when you listen to the song by itself then it will remind you of when you were in that specific area or a certain video in the game. I believe if music can do that than it is how the title "music" is deserved. While talking about the music the sounds that characters and monsters make are special in their own way too. Unfortunately as I mentioned earlier the characters talk in videos but there is no sound. So pft to them! But I am sure that you can tell from the dialog when the character may be excited or very angry.The magic and summons have sounds to them also. When you have a larger leveled magic the sound lasts longer. Because the bigger the magic the longer it takes to finish its use. Each of the summons makes a noise when they perform their duties. Such as when Ifrit sets out his meteor fire ball I am sure you can imagine the big explosion noise that gargantuan rock lets out. When you use items they make noises too, nothing special though just a nice little ring to let you know that you have used it I guess. When you fill up your limit break bar it makes a noise to let you know you're ready to use it, but if the sound doesn't let you know I'm sure the bright flash of fire around your character should get your attention. Every little noise you should notice and remember the rest of your measly life. If you don't then I guess you're not as big of a loser you thought you were now huh. So to Nobuo I thank you for giving us this wonderful piece of art you call the FFVII soundtrack. I am sure that everyone would agree with me.Story 10Game play 10Graphics 9Sound 10Overall rating 10!!!!!!If you haven't figured it out by now, you need to go out and play this game. Do what you have to, and make sure you go through the whole thing and enjoy yourself. A lot of people will tell you this game is over rated. Even if it is so what, it's a good game and that is all that matters. While mentioning this great FF title I suggest that you try some of the older titles that are great too, such as FFIII or FF the original. This is one of the best series of games out there and if you haven't heard of it yet then you need to have a better source of information for games. So go out and play this you will love it! I bet when you find a penny on the ground you will be thankful it helped you buy this game.
Man if you want to experience the greatest video game ever then this is it, look no farther. This game has it all.1. The most well thought out story ever on a video game.2. Great character development.3. Many many side quest.4. Dymatic ending and great finish.If you can find any game that can match that criteria and do it as well as FF7, then I'll eat your hat!!! Screw 5 stars....100 stars!!!
With impressive graphics, unforgettable characters, and a simply amazing storyline, Final Fantasy VII is definately a game that shouldn't be underestimated. There are many ways to go about playing the game, you can go straight through the story, or you can take your time and explore. And that's one of the things I like about RPGs. It's a must have for any gamer, in my opinion.
Back when this game came out, I received a video tape of the game in the mail, I watched it several times, that was the day I decided that the  Playstation was a good system, I ended up buying the game first, then  getting the system for my birthday 2 weeks later. This game is the best  Playstation game ever made, not to mention the best RPG. I have played  through it twice, the first time by myself, and the second time with the  Official guide book, it was amazing both time through, I spen 76 hours the  first time, and 90 hours the second. The second time took longer because I  got my characters levels up really high like 99.
Even though the Final Fantasy series was already incredibly popular in Japan, before this game was released in the United States RPGs were not quite as well known as other kinds of games.  Final Fantasy 7, the first Final Fantasy on the Playstation and to use 3D graphics, changed everything about the console RPG genre.  Even though people will have differing opinions about the enjoyability of this game, no serious gamer would deny the tremendous influence Final Fantasy 7 has had on videogaming.By today's standards, the graphics in this game are quite primitive, but at the time they were absolutely amazing.  The 2D backgrounds are still great to look at today, as well.  The music in this game is also great, despite the rather limited selection of sounds Nobou Uematsu had at his disposal.  Of particular note is the song that plays during the final boss encounter, "One Winged Angel", which is still beloved by Final Fantasy fans today.Despite the move from 2D to 3D, the gameplay in Final Fantasy 7 is  similar to the previous six Final Fantasy games.  As you control your character on an overworld map, you encounter random mobs which you fight in an "active time battle" system.  The magic system, based on "materia", is new and just complicated enough to provide some strategic depth without overwhelming new players.  Playing through the main story is not particularly challenging (some bosses may require a few tries), but there are extensive side quests available at the end of the game, some of which are very involved and difficult without a solid strategy.However, the main attraction of this game is the story.  Anyone who has played through the game will remember Cloud, his friends, and the enigmatic Sephiroth, who are still iconic figures in the game world.  (That Square-Enix still releases games and movies based on the FF7 world helps, no doubt.)  The plot is quite strange and frequently confusing, but in its essentials it worked for me.  The translation could have used some more polish, but is of good enough quality as to not distract from the rest of the game.If there are people studying the history of video games fifty years from now, there is little doubt that Final Fantasy 7 would be one of the games they would look at, since it is probably the most influential console RPG ever.  If you haven't played this game yet and have any interest in RPGs, at all, you should try to find a copy of this game and play it.  If only Square-Enix would re-make this game for the PS3!
...the artwork is bad...there...I've said it...This was the first FF to ever become 3D and for that it should be revolutionary alone but the best part is the storyline. The characters grow on you and there is a twist at the end (if I told you it wouldn't be a surprise) and all characters are individual even though some characters are barely used (does anyone put Cait Sith in their party?).The gameplay uses the ATB system and learning comes from the materia system which allows you to customise what characters can learn. And not to mention the puzzles from sneaking into the Dons mansion, to finding a way to defeat the Emerald weapon.This game will keep you entertained for years. BUY IT!!!
This game is a beautiful work of art that takes you on a trip through happiness, sadness, anger, and just about every other emotion conceivable by man.  This game will attach itself to your brain and never let you forget about it.  This game never ceases to evoke a reaction from the player, and never ceases to amaze everyone who plays it.STORYLINE:  One of the most intricate that I have ever played.  The storyline rivals that of Albert Odyssey, which I regarded as being the greatest RPG before I played this.  What initially begins as a fight to destroy an evil corporation becomes an entire journey towards revenge and the defending of things greater than the world.  10/10MUSIC:  The music is beautiful, always fitting, and stays in your head for days.  Aeris' Theme alone is enough to motivate you to buy the soundtrack.  Absolutely wonderful.  Almost the best aspect of the game.  11/10CHARACTERS:  The best.  Cloud looks so cool with his gigantic sword, and the ability to rename them just adds on to the fun.  As one man already said, "This is probably the first game that I've played in which a main character dies without a huge rescue or love scene right before it."  Even though they're just game characters, they feel real.  10.25/10OVERALL:  Final Fantasy VII is the best RPG, if not the best game, ever created by man.  YOU MUST BUY THIS GAME.  Period.  10/10.
I've played Final Fantasy 7, 8, and 9 and I have to say 7 is the best. Every part of this game is perfect. Sure, the characters aren't highly detailed but for the time when this game was made they're perfect. You find yourself falling in love with these super deformed people. Especially Cloud who is the best main character in all of the Final Fantasy games. The story line is very involving. People wouldn't play this game for 60-80 hours if the story wasn't good. It's almost disappointing that they didn't base the Final Fantasy movie on this game but...if they did that you'd already know the ending. This game is a masterpiece. I wouldn't change one thing about this game. I love it!
I was one of the people who were die-hard Final Fantasy fanatics way before the mainstream hype. Furthermore, I was a fan of FF7 way before it got all hyped-up. While FF6 is still my favorite, the sheer magnitude of revolutionary changes that this game brought about, not only for the franchise, but for the industry altogether, make this game well-deserving of its current fan-base, and subsequent prequel and sequel. The story is immersive and fulfilling for those interested in getting into the intricacies of it. The gameplay is original. The RPG aspects are unique. The graphics are tolerable, unless you are a picky, new-age gamer. One must keep in mind that for it's time, the graphics and CGI cut-scenes were extraordinary. This game was the first to introduce the ultimate weapons and super-bosses to the franchise. Although, it is the first to keep them attainable and within reason. No obnoxious grinding or farming necessary to attain victory. Just the classic strategies and game play that make Final Fantasy great.Anyone hesitant because of its current status, or its vintage status, or any other reason, should give it a chance. I can assure any respectable gamer that they will be pleasantly surprised by this outstanding title. Greatest game ever to some; outstanding adventure to me.
I love FFVII, it's my favorite RPG.  I bought this because my old copy was damaged.  The replacement worked well and was much cheaper than any I found in game stores.
I love this game. It is absolutely THE BEST vg i have ever played.Follow the life of Cloud Strife, an ex-soldier who joins AVALANCHE, a club who is full of crime fighting agents such as Tifa, Barret and Yuffie. One time on a dangerous mission, he meets Aeris, a flower girl from the slums.they THEN set out on an adventure to defeat Shinra!
Unquestionbly the best RPG ever, and a strong candidate for the best game ever, Square's Playstation-debut 'Final Fantasy 7' still stands the test of time today as one of their strongest titles in recent memory, and a sort of 'How-To' guide to getting computer games right.Released in 1997 on a tidal wave of publicity, rumours (remember the memory card debate??) and expectations, Final fantasy 7 took people's preconceptions of the genre and utterly redefined them. Gone were the traditional top-down viewpoints, the 1-dimensional characters, and the boring spell effects, and we watched in amazement at hitherto-unparalleled graphics and a completely revolutionary storyline showed us exactly how good a RPG could be. Winning legions of new fans over to the genre, FF 7 fully deserved it's blockbusting, best-selling status.FF 7 follows the story of Cloud Strife, a young mercenary-for-hire, and his attempts to stop his ex-colleague and nemesis Sephiroth from destroying the world. Along the way he meets some memorable characters, makes friends and discovers who he truly is.The strongest selling point of FF 7 at the time of it's release was the graphics, which today, understandably, have been surpassed several times over. However, some moments in the game still hold their own against the modern consoles, and for a seven year-old game, that's no small feat. What remains today is one of the best storylines ever, coupled with some of the smoothest game mechanics in videogaming history.The emotion behind the characters of Aeris, Cloud, Sephiroth etc., is something which games developers have only recently started to latch on to - for example, 'Silent Hill 2' and 'Fatal Frame' go deep into the psychology of emotion - but in a character and story-driven game like FF 7, the depth of attachment we form with the characters is simply amazing. It's impossible to treat FF 7 as a piece of retro-gaming, such is the depth of development behind the storyline. It tackles subjects like political upheaval, religion, self-worth - and does it all in such a way as to force us to mentally attach ourselves to the little people running about on the screen.The gameplay, too, is superb, with an easy menu system and full in-game tutorials being accessible at pretty much any point in the game. The difficulty level is pitched exactly right, there's a steady learning curve and monsters and battles become significantly harder as you progress, but not so hard as to be prohibitive. Puzzles and secrets abound, and each time you play (and you WILL play it multiple times) you discover several new features that you didn't see before. With typical Square finnesse, the game options are customisable so battles and cut-scenes don;t have to take up too much time, and the whole game moves at a speed which you, the player, dictate.I can't rave enough. Possibly equalled in terms of absorbing entertainment only by it's own sequels, FF 7 is still a rewarding, hugely entertaining, and very special game. Totally recommended.
That's my story and I'm sticking to it. If you were to only have 3 final fantasies get those 10, 7 and 6 (aka 3) also 5 was pretty fun.
I could tell right at the beginning when the game started, that I was going to have fun playing it.  It grabs you immediately, along with the looks that I had never seen before.  It is easy to give this game a perfect 10 because when I played Final Fantasy VII it was more fun, best looking, and a huge free roaming world, I had ever experience.  I loved all the vehicles that were in the game, along with the music. If you have never played this game, I believe you would have fun just because of the story line along with the superior game play, which is the most important, aspect right!The game is not hard to figure out in terms of fighting and leveling up so getting right to the game play is what you do. It is near and dear to my heart.
I had purchased a Playstation months before this title came out, specifically anticipating a great upgrade of the Super Nintendo titles Squaresoft had been producing up til this point. This game far exceeded my hopes and wishes, impressing me with the 3D characters, the story, the materia system, even the music. It's what rewarded me for waiting and choosing Sony for my new gaming platform. I've been a great fan of their games that followed, especially their landmark success Final Fantasy X for the PS2.The game has an interesting plot, compelling characters, and many challenges and secrets to discover. It also has a few plot twists that add spice. If you haven't played this game or those that have followed, PLEASE start here! It just gets better from this point on...
This is the huge game were taling about its so huge that your twisted mind will only focus at game and figure your huge mind its the best Rpg better then FFX!-Graphics=(7-10) It may be a little bad but hey its Old!-Gameplay=(Unlimited-10)Over Your Big head-Disks (3) it has 3 compacked adventure Cd-Roms And this is the first 3 disk continued game!This is always your thumps up games And if u hate it then u are not AN RPG PLAYER I REPEAT U ARE NOT A RPG player.
Final Fantasy 7 is in my opinion, the best game in the entire series.  The graphics are crisp, the gameplay is as fun as any other FF game and the music is epic.  This is nearly a perfect game.
I borrowed this game from a friend and it wasAWSOME!!!!!!!It has all the stuff I liked.I dont get how people are dissing this game for its graphics!HELLO YOU IDIOTS IT WAS MADE IN 1997!!!!It was made along time ago but for that time the graphics aretop notch.  The game is 3 disk andenjoyable for all.Get the game!!!
Now let me begin by saying I'M NOT AN RPG gamer, I borrowed this from a friend because I was hearing so much about how great this game is, I recently borrowed it during the summer and I must say I...LOVE..THIS...GAME.  I mean at first I wasn't into the plot(I started getting sucked into it as soon as I got to Disc 2)and the game aswell but after a few hours of playing I WAS HOOKED, now as I stated before I am not an RPG gamer but this game had one of those really cool anime/type plots and the turned base battles were pretty cool.  The gameplay was pretty fun and I was always excited to see were the game would take me next, the dialoug IF YOU ASK me was a little dumb, I mean just because Barret is african american every most of the things he says has to always be spelled differently and have 4 letter words?  Ok I'm done gripping.  Other then Plot and gameplay, I really liked how the materia/magic worked aswell as the summons(man they are such a treat to look at).  And I think I'm going abit too far but I thought the CG scenes(though very limited in the game)were beautiful.  As for visuals, I don't see why people are saying this games visuals are terrible this game was made back in the mid 90's!!!  I thought the visuals were great!  And the pre rendered backrounds were great aswell!  Stop complaining it's an old game!Now audio....I kid you not, after beating this game I downloaded almost every song from the game(Cosmo Canyon is by far one of my favorite songs ever played on a video game!!!).  The music is just beautiful, the song played in cosmo canyon is let alone a reason to get the game sountrack as well as the final battle with Sepheroth.  The best part about the audio is they fit perfectly well for every scenario/area/battle.  I do plan on buying this games soundtrack when I have the time..Now being my first RPG I don't know what to expect but I'll say it anways..my first time through this game was pretty long, I never went through EVERY SIDE QUEST but I did do a few cause I was a little paranoid that I'd mess up, from random battles to leveling up, Boss battles to getting to every place/land/cave that I went through to progress through this great game and my length went down to a total of 57 hours, so yes you bet your sweet keester that your first time through this game will take awhile, as it is spanning 3 discs.  Ok I'm getting tired lets just get this over withThe Good-I LOVE THE MUSIC IN THIS GAME-The CG in this game is just wonderful-Why are people complaining about visuals, they get a 9 on my book.. well for it's time atleast..-The Turn based battles were pretty fun-Omnislash.....nuff said-The Summons were a treat to see(VIVA LA BAHUMUT ZERO!)-I loved all the characters so much in this game, it's like you cared for them and really wanted them to just survive through the game, especially Red XII(My favorite Character in the game)-3 disc, more then 40 hours of gameplay and tons of stuff to do to extend the time period of the games lengthThe bad-I would...seriously, no joke, just jump out of my seat when a random battle happend, I think it's cause I had my volume very high-The random battles do get annoying-I thought leveling up did get pretty annoying and boring at parts(I was worried that I had to be in a certain level so I can be strong enough for a boss so I'd spend like 50% of the game leveling up)Other then that I really liked this game, I loved the music, visuals, story, especially the characters and the whole world/atmosphere was beautiful and there isn't anything that really botherd me except for a few boss battles...other then that this is a must own for the Playstation.  In the end I give this fantastic game a...5 out of 5 stars...
This was by far my favorite RPG game! all the other final fantasies and others are good but this one just blew me away! the graphics may not be the best but the touching and unforgettable storyline makes up for that. the characters are soo cool and if someone tried to improve this game it would beVERY hard because it's already perfect. I'd definetly recomend this game.. i've played tons of video games and this is still my fav. even though it's older!!
Final Fantasy 7 is a masterpiece.  What a cliche!  Masterpiece; a term suggesting the undisputed magnum opus of an already venerable company.  Many things gain this mark, but few live up to their expectation.  Final Fantasy 7 does.In many ways, Final Fantasy 7 is far from perfect.  The graphics, compared to today, are dated, grainy, and harsh.  The storyline reeks of cliche-ridden overtones.  The characters seem generic.  However, this is all a product of subsequent games.Final Fantasy 7 defined the 3D graphical engine used in almost all of today's RPGs.  Its characters, still fresh, were very unique, emotionally unstable, and enjoyable to read about.  The storyline spins off numerous tangents and undertones that suggested a fully functioning, realistic world that presents real-life human troubles.This is far from a typical RPG.  From its conception, it redefined the genre and introduced the RPG to about 3 million new gamers.  Saying that Final Fantasy 7 single-handedly elevated RPGs from niche to mainstream status would be far from an erraneous statement.Considering all of these things, a person skeptical about playing Final Fantasy 7 should grant reconsideration.  Though it is far from the prettiest and most unique of games, it does represent the model that all of today's successful RPGs follow.  And, in this case, the model is more radiant than its spinoffs.
Thanks for this classic Final Fantasy game. This will be the first 3 disk long rpg I've played though but who cares. It's great!
WELLLLLL...THIS IS YOUR TICKET! Final Fantasy VII is the ultimate in what is the most successful (and also greatest) series of role-playing games of all time! There are all sorts of pros to the game, but only a few cons...and the cons barely matter!Pros:-An incredible story.-Deep and engaging play.-Beautiful battle graphics and CG cinemas.-Plenty of subquests.-VERRRRY lengthy!-Unique characters.-Hollywood-worthy music.-Plenty of plot-twists.Cons (there are few):-Sometimes a bit tedious-Battle system is a bit flawed.-Terrible land animation.-If you devote your life to gaming, you may have to say goodbye to your family and friends.The bottom line: this is an altogether gaming masterpiece spanning three discs of epic conflict, timeless romance, and magical battles. If your forte in gaming is roleplaying in general or the Final Fantasy series, then I highly recommend this game!P.S.WOW. I can't believe how much the price of this game has SKYROCKETED. I'm lucky I bought this game when it cost a whopping $15.00! People if you have this game by all means HANG ON TO IT!
When My friend told me about this game, I was like whateva. When he went home he left it at my house. I decided to se what it was all 'bout. When I played it, I started to enjoy it, and I played it for 5 hours, 'till I got dizzy. There where a few problems, but I didn't give... 'bout it, cuz I enjoyed the obsorbing storyline, and gameplay. Pros and Cons of the gane wherePros:A Storyline that is maxed out to 90 hours7 characters that are wit' uGreat FMV SequenceMakes u wanna git everything at the end before u fight SephrothAlot of bad language for a game thats rated T; I like thatA beutiful 3D backround, and world mapMakes u wanna play for hoursCons:Too many random battlesGraphics on characters are outdated(Looks like little kids runninTakes too long to git limit breakNo talking at allTakes too long to level up materia.
This game is one of the greatest Rpgs, or games ever! And now that it is only 20$ you must buy it! And whatever you do spend your money on this game not 8 (blech!) The characters are great with the magic system dealing with materia which have different spells and effects so in other words your characters are all costomizible. The plot is great, always surprising and pretty scary! This game is worth every single cent when you buy it, and its only twenty bucks.
Sure, the word &quot;epic&quot; is thrown around a lot on the back covers of games, but this game really is one. Of course, you can probably tell that from the fact that it's three discs long. From the great music to the excellent battle system to the plot with a depth rarely seen in video games to the wonderful graphics... okay, so the graphics aren't wonderful. In fact, they suck. The exception to the graphics comes in the fairly cool looking occasional movie scenes. Not being a huge RPG fan, I took the fairly direct route through the game. RPG extremists have a ton more to do, from raising chocobos to fighting that (expletive deleted) Ruby Weapon. Also, the special attacks are really cool. They range from fancy swordfighting techniques like cross-slash to a guy who turns into popular horror movie characters (a Jason imitation, complete with chainsaw, helped me defeat Safer Sephiroth) . Anyway, this is a great game that is worth more than twenty bucks, so get it.
I was in 7th grade when this came out.  I saved up and bought it.  I've played through it many times.  This game not only brought the console RPG's into the spot light but it also brought A LOT of fun to millions of fans.Ignore all of these peole saying it's "nothing special" because they compare it to everything that came after it.  In 1997 this game was TON of fun, but if you are going to buy it now and expect bells and whistles like all the more current RPG's then you will be disapointed.  I have nothing bad to say about FF7, it's a great game and will always be one of my all time favorites.
Ilove this game,its its just breathtaking. It has a great story, but the graphics could have had a bit of work. If you love a  good RPG get this game. I said get this game!!!!
This Final Fantasy 7 is one of the most influenced games of all time. The fan bases for this one game blows out all FF fan base out of the water. Never has any other FF game seen such an influenced with multiple related games/story characters found in different games. Multiple Movies. Toys, cards, etc based on this game. Why was that all necessary for this one game?It's just that DAMN AWESOME! This game has everything! Story, characters, battle system, music, humor and more! If it didn't why else did this game influenced so many other things that followed it after? Because it was just damn awesome!You can play this game over and over before getting tried of it, but you will keep it in your hearts forever. The amazing game play, the amazing characters, and amazing graphics. (Back in those days.)They just can't make anything that even comes close to what they did back then. I wish they did, but they can't! It was just too well done! lol.
I think that this is truly one of the best rpg's of all time for the PS. It is very fun and addicting I have played it for around 60 hours and it is still good. It takes a while to beat and get everything so you should play this game for a good amount of time so it is worth buying. Also the summonings in this game are cool. The only down side is that the cg's they are alright for when it came out but now. Other than that this is proably one of the best games I have ever played for the PS.
The first Final Fantasy on a system is always the best, as it seems to bring out the best in Square's developers.  Final Fantasy VII is no different, with the perfect amount of Playstation flair to compliment, not overtake the strong story and game system that are the series' hallmarks.While old-school gamers may prefer pre-defined roles for each character, the Materia system is still meritorious on its own, allowing uncomplicated customization of characters and adding great depth to gameplay.  Character development proceeds well, with nearly every battle in the game having purpose (unlike some RPGs where hours are spent "leveling up" to get characters past an obstacle), and the in-game pointers help clarify locations whenever the lush graphics are unclear.  The soundtrack is otherworldly, with several haunting, beautiful songs that are simply unforgettable.But Final Fantasy's core has always been its great storylines, and this installment has one of the best.  Characters develop and mature realistically, and you get to know each one intimately, almost feeling kinship with some of them.  The plot is suitably but not comically epic, and the main struggle plays out better than most Hollywood movies.  Nearly everyone will laugh and cry at various parts of the game, a feat precious few video games have ever accomplished.  From a storyteller's perspective the shocking twist at the game's midpoint is perhaps too easy a way to draw emotion from the player, but there is no denying its effectiveness, as it is one of the most memorable scenes in video game history.Square has released many RPGs on Playstation, some of them terrific on their own, but none have topped their first, a must-purchase for all Playstation owners.  If you like incredible stories but don't own a Playstation, it's worth buying one just for Final Fantasy VII.
By far the BEST final fantasy ever madeIt was the first FF to be made on psx and the gameplay graphics were OK. But the CG graphics were really REALLY good.I was speechless at the end of the game where everything comes together and the big twist is revealed. That was awesome.So basically I give it 100 stars cuz I LOOOVE it.
This is a fantastic game. Its got a great storyline full of twists and turns. It has a lot of optional dungeons and bosses an optional characters too. Its your average 40 hours but obtaining the gold chocobo and gttings couds final limit break can be chalenging and take hours themselves. I recommend this game.
bought the game cause i love the series and shockingly this game is the same age as i am feel great to hold a piece of gaming history in my hands storys great every aspect of the game is great.
This is the best game ever. It's more than a game, it's more a way of life. It draws you in and you feel part of the whole gaming experience, something that Final Fantasy VIII fails to do. The storyline is immense, the characters are varied, there is a piloe, a dog type lion beast, a cat on a mog and an Ancient, unlike the sequel where everyone is a human. Materia collecting is fun, the fights are testing, the towns and destinations are varied, the world map is huge (until you get the Highwind) and the sub games are superb.The only fault with the graphics are the on screen characters which are too cartoony. Apart from that though, the graphics are brilliant, the music is one of the best soundtracks ever and the gameplay and lifespan are both excellent. Defenitly worth the money. Buy it now.
classic storyline, good music, sweet battle system.  One of, if not the, best game ever made.
There's nothing much to say about this game... it's the best game I've ever played, and... well, if you have a PS or PS2 and you do not have this game you are stupid. Go and buy it NOW!!!
This game is very fun. Though this game does have graphics that aren't nearly as good as, say, Final Fantasy X or Final Fantasy XII, it is still an extremely fun and addicting game. I would suggest this game to any one who likes video games and owns a playstation.
---GRAPHICS: 4 of 5---MOVIES: 5 OF 5The graphics for the opening sequence was amazing - a huge jump from the graphics in FF 6.  Right from the start you could tell that the graphics for this game was going to be of a level that we had never seen before on SNES.WORLD MAP: 5 OF 5The 3-D, rotatable graphics on the world map was also amazing - there were times I would just walk around just to look at the graphics - it really felt like I was there.BATTLE: 5 OF 5* It was really nice to see a character with realistic proportions fight instead of the deformed chibis we saw in FF 6 and before.* It was really cool how the characters flashed before doing a limit break.  Reminds me of Street Fighter characters right before they do a super combo.* It was interesting how each character had a different winning pose.* A movie for the summons was nice, although it got time-consuming after a while.EVERYWHERE ELSE: 1 OF 5Outside of the movies and world map field, the characters were so tiny they were hard to see. I can't count the number of times I got lost.  And when there was a closeup of the characters, they were very blocky and of low quality.  Even if the graphics are beautiful, if I can't see where my characters and the exits are, then it's more of a hindrance than a sight to behold.---MUSIC: 4 of 5---Some of the songs for this soundtracks are the best video game music I've ever heard - in fact, my most listened to song on my iPod is the world map theme song, which I've listened to over 2,000 times.  I also like the Battle music, the music on the bridge (slower version of theme song), Anxiety, the opening movie theme song, and Yuffie's hometown song.The only reason I give the music 4 of 5 is because some of the music was annoying, such as the slum music.  Was I happy to get out of there.---STORY & CHARACTERS: 5 OF 5---PROS:* Cloud, Aeris, Tifa, Barrett, and Yuffie are easily among my most favorite video game characters of all-time.* The date scene for all of the characters was interesting and even very humorous depending on what choices you made.* Aeris was developed so well that she was the reason I cried while playing a video game.* I also like some of the sub characters, like Elena, the man and woman with a distinctive laugh, and the boss who didn't like the man's laugh.  The only other sub characters I've ever liked are Tanya from DQ 6 and Gilgamesh from FF 5.  To have 4 interesting sub characters come from a single game is simply amazing character development.CONS:* Cloud's memory loss was implausible and confusing.* Whatever happened to Sepiroth in the end to become whatever he became was so confusing I still don't understand what happened to him to this day.* I don't understand why a mechanic is an expert with the spear.* Vincent was developed poorly - he was not memorable to me at all.* Stats wise, the characters aren't different enough.  It doesn't really matter who you give materia to, they can still be just as effective as the next character if certain stats boosts like HP up are added.Despite the flaws, any video game that can make me cry deserves a 5 of 5 for story & character development.---BATTLE SYSTEM: 5 OF 5---This is hands down the best battle system I've ever seen.PROS:* Pace that abilities and spells are learned is perfect with the ability system and slots.* The types of combos that could be made with the materia was simply amazing.* The idea of using slots helped to minimize any single character from becoming overpowered.* Limit Breaks was a very innovative idea.CONS:* Having more than 1 of each materia could lead to insane overpowering, such as having 8 counters.* Most of the Limit Breaks are the same - they just do damage.  I wish there was more variety.* Summons could use more variety - 3 Bahamuts were excessive.  I missed the Golem and Carbunkle.* Getting the materia that had a lot of abilities in it led to overpowering characters.* Only 3 characters in at a time without being able to switch out hurt.Although this system had some flaws, it's clearly the best I've ever seen before and since.  I really wish the later FF games improved on this to make it perfect.---MINI GAMES: 3 OF 5---PROS:* I really loved the Snowboarding & Condor Fort.CONS:* I died multiple times trying to beat the submarine mini game.* Some of the mini games were annoying to beat, like doing the correct soldier moves.  Can I just defeat a tough monster instead of playing these silly games?---CONCLUSION: 5 of 5---FF 7 is by no means a perfect game and has its share of flaws.  However, the good points of this game outshine the flaws to such a point that I have no choice to give it a 5 of 5.  I never thought in my wildest dreams that a video game could make me cry.  Clearly one of the best games I've ever played in my life.
Pros+A Very Deep, Engrossing and Heartfelt story+Memorable characters+Very Customizable game+Enriching soundtrack+Very detailed cinematics and incredible looking pre-rendered backgrouns+Tons and tons of optional things to doCons-The characters may be memorable, but the game does little to develop them beyond a certain point-There's no big incentive to use one character over another-It may very well be one of the easiest Final Fantasy games in the seriesAfter eleven years, Final Fantasy VII still manages to be a beast in the RPG field.  Boasting a colossal story and a few memorable characters.  Final Fantasy VII is the game which made the JRPG genre big in the West and eleven years later it still ranks as one of the greatest games of all time.Final Fantasy VII centers on Cloud Strife.  A mercenary who has joined the rebelious group known as AVALANCHE, who are taking on the Shinra Corporation, that is slowly draining the planet of its life.  The story all comes together by Cloud's mysterious past, a terrifying villain and some heartfelt characters.  The story of Final Fantasy VII spans so much more than just an evil Corporation.  You'll eventually find yourself on a journey that involves you saving the world.  Even compared to today, Final Fantasy VII is an RPG that breaks the rules of traditional storytelling.  Rather than being a band of teenagers out to stop some evil adults (as the JRPG has been drowned out in in recent years), Final Fantasy VII puts you in the role of characters about something more.  If there were any criticism of the story, it would be that it's a lot to take in.  Some things never really come together in the end and you'll be left with a lot of burning questions.  Much of this, you can bet, is due to some of Final Fantasy VII's shoddy translation.  There were some pieces in the localization process that were left out entirely and make the story come off as a little more sloppy than it was intended to.  Another small criticism comes with its characters.  While they're memorable, they often times take a backseat to some of the stories progression.  Once we learn what we need to learn about certain characters, the game never really touches them or makes them integral to the plot itself again.  If it weren't for their stark personalities, funny quips and own charms, you might forget them.Ever since Final Fantasy IV, the series has used the ATB battle system and Final Fantasy VII is no exception.  Every character has an ATB gauge that lets them take action once it's filled.  Pretty basic, but Final Fantasy VII gets a bump by being very customizable.  The Materia system allows for nearly endless possibilities for its characters.  There are several different kinds of Materia.  There's your basic magic materia that give you spells to cast, but there is also materia to give you more battle commands such as being able to steal or throw items at an enemy.  There are other materia there just to boost your stats and others that enhance your spells by giving you the ability to hit all the enemies at once or to absorb health from your enemies.  There are far more in each category and they give you infinite ways to play Final Fantasy VII.Without materia, though, your characters are naked and can only attack.  This brings about small problem.  The first being that there's is no incentive to use any one character above another.  Final Fantasy VII remedies this by givng its character ultra powerful limit breaks.  Every character has a limit gauge and when it fills up as they take damage.  When full they can let forth a brutal attack.  Characters also have limit levels for different limit breaks and the higher the Limit Level the more damage you have to take before its full.  Unfortunately, this is all that makes any character different in battle.  Materia gives them legs, but you can always transfer over anyone else's materia to anyone else.  In the long run this won't bother anyone, but it leads to a lack of variety in the characters and you more than likely won't need limit breaks that much to begin with.  Final Fantasy VII's pros more than outnumber the cons.  The amount of customization is great, but it still would've been nice to need one character's ability over another.Final Fantasy VII is by no means a hard game.  It is arguably one of the easiest games in the series.  In particular, the final battle turns out to be one of the easiest fights in the game against someone who has often been labeled one of the most threatening in history.  Yet Final Fantasy VII makes for that with several hidden goodies.  You won't find too many optional dungeons in Final Fantasy VII, but you will find an incredible number of optional things to do off the beaten path.  From breeding and racing Chocobos, to finding hidden materia, to taking on ultra powerful bosses and even finding hidden characters who have more than just a face, but actually play into the story itself.  There are more secrets in Final Fantasy VII than even most RPGs of today.Graphically Final Fantasy VII is a mixed bag.  In 1997 these graphics were phenominal.  the pre-rendered backgrounds are still incredible looking even to this day.  The seventh Final Fantasy has a lot of style.  The polygons are charming though they don't look as cool as the rest of the environments.  The FMVs are still amazing and wonderfully detailed for its time.  There are a couple of moments of slowdown with Final Fantasy VII, however, and some of the summon animations can get lengthy and repetitive.  But they don't take away from its wildly detaile environments.The music score may actually be the most rewarding thing for Final Fantasy VII.  The music score manages to fill the situations for the right moment.  But it also isn't afraid to showcase a lot of emotion either.  There are some moments where it can be dark and others where it's very light.  In particular, the character themes are really nice and memorable.  Final Fantasy VII doesn't have the best soundtrack within the series, but it has some of the most memorable music numbers of the entire series.After eleven years Final Fantasy VII is still a force to be reckoned with.  There are a few gaps in its storyline that you may have to read a bit more deeply to learn about (as not all of it is within the game itself, but if anything confuses you there have been countless FAQs written as well as spin-offs and sequels) and it shuns some of its characters at points, but the package is still one of the best Playstation outings of all time, and every gamer should pick up and play Final Fantasy VII at least once.
This game really &quot;IS&quot; the best game in existance. It is just wonderful, great, best...I could go on like this telling how good it is, however, I can only put 1,000 words in my review. This game almost makes it to being perfect(almost). Here are my ratings and my discription of this game.Graphics. 3 1/2 Stars:Graphics are alright. When it comes to how they look for 3D I would say &quot;good&quot; but for realism (during game play)I dunno. They(Characters and people and things) look...not so good. However, the graphics during battles are very good (also during cut scenes/movies)Music: 4 stars:Really very good music.I espicially like the battle music and the ancient city/city of the ancients music. Oh, and the chocobo battle music.Story line: 5 stars: very good story line, alot of different things other than Shinra and Sepheroth.Characters:4 stars: I like most of the characters, except for Yuffie. Here is a hint, don't look for her if you get this game.Overall: 5 stars: Only problems are: random battles can get anoying, you can't skip cutscenes(I guess that's not too bad but the movie at the begining I wish you could skip atleast),takes too long after birth or breeding for a chocobo to be able to breed again.You play(well you actually play several characters)Cloud Strife, an ex-member of Soldier(kind of an army police sort of thing working for Shinra) who has joined with a team Avalanche who are against Shinra...a corporation that is draining mako energy out of the planet with reactors (without mako energy the planet will die). But what starts out as a mission against Shinra becomes a struggle to save the world. It's more than that, though, so I will leave you to find out for yourself. There are alot of side quests too. Like chocobo breeding(Oh yeah,You gotta try that) or the gold saucer which is like a big arcade.Disregard all negative reviews about this game(they don't know what there talking about). Go out and get this game...and if you don't have a PS(Playstation) get one just for this game.So go out and get Final Fantasy 7 NOW!
That is a quote from the back of the jewel but I wasnt quite sure to believe it. I saw it in stores 5 years ago, had heard all of the hype and figured I'd spend the 50 bucks to get it. It was one of the best 50 I have ever spent. Now wait a sec, dont think this review is just biased raving claiming this to be the best game ever of all time and for the rest of time. While at this point I would like to say that, I realize that saying it wouldnt help much, so I'll focus on the actual game.Okay, so it is from 1997, and it is currently 2003. That makes this game 6 years old. The graphics have to be pretty bad, right? Wrong. While the realtime graphics don't compare to current games, the cutscenes are FANTASTIC. Really, they are beautiful. Lots of games have the power to make great graphics, and they do, but these are put together like a movie in that the camera angles are great, the render engine is stunning, and not to mention the scene layouts are incredible. Some of the really great cut scenes dont come until later in the game, but you wont be bored during the wait. That brings me to the next subject. The gameplay is very well executed. It is a turn-based rpg, which means battles are seperate from when you walk around and such. Your moves are executed in the ATB (active time battle) system where you dont wait your turn, but rather a time meter fills up that determines when you attack, defend, cast a spell, etc.. There are several characters, you can cycle between who is in your party at most times and they each have their own strengths and weaknesses. Skill is aquired by gaining experience points and leveling up. You can also get better armor, shields, weapons, etc. Apart from the battle system, there is the final fantasy unique 'world map'. It means that instead of having levels/stages/boards, you can explore, gain experience and level up, etc. by going wherever you want on, literally, an entire planet. Although the storyline restricts this at certain times.Okay, so now that we have the graphics stuff out of the way, let's move on to the story. In my opinion, the story is the best part of the game. If no other part of this game remains the best for all time, then the story will. I truly believe that this is the best storyline EVER in a game. Although it is slightly cliched, I will say that it is a touching but exciting story about love and hate, good and evil, the horrible effects of an evil corporation's technological expansion killing the planet, and very ORIGINAL story points that, unfortunately, trying to explain could very well ruin the game for you. You're just gonna have to spend the 50 to find out. I would pay 100 if I knew how great it was gonna be.Finally, the music score. For a video game, this is unbelievable. FFVII pulled the game industry out of the horrible pit of MIDI blip sounds and other bad music, with a HUGE bound. The soundtrack is huge, every single song from the opening menu to the ending credits 70 hours later is absolutely incredible and I would venture to say epic. Each one is wonderfully written, ranging from lighthearted and happy to melancholy and sad to powerful cut scene tracks (If you like them enough, they have an 80+ track soundtrack available).I could go on forever about how great all of these things are, but I imagine that the review readers wouldn't appreciate that, so I will cut the rest short.This game was stunning in 1997, and it is stunning in 2003. It is like no other game I have ever played, and is definately for a more mature crowd, as some kids wouldn't understand the plot, and some of the themes/language might not be very appropriate for kids. I am not kid bashing here. Some can understand it, but it is all maturity level that counts, not age. Just use discretion.As for weak points, good luck finding any, because I sure haven't. Well, I hope my review has helped you make a better choice. But for [$$$]? Come on, give it a try. You will at least be somewhat entertained for the 60 or 70 hours it takes to play all 3 discs. Happy gaming!
Final Fantasy is the most popular game in Japanese RPG game. The popularity is devide to Dragon Questo(warrior) in half. Final Fantasy1 is the work more than 10 years ago. The hard system was Nintendo Family computer these days. And in Final Fantasy 4 the hard changed to Super Family computer. In this Final 7 the hard changed to Play station. As my title, the hard spec extended very much by changed from Supaer famicon to Play station. Concletely the soft system changed from casette to CDROM. For that, the garafic and sound etc got to be very real. the difference of Final6-7 was remarkable more than other title of Final series.The most remakable difference was the changing from 2D to 3D. I memorized the first moving when I played Final7.Thank you for reading poor English.
FFVII is the best! In this FF, you get to equip stones called materia and use abilities based on what the materia is. And the best part is, after a while, when you bring a materia to its higest level, it will form another materia of the same type. The amount of materia you can equip is based on what weapon you have equipped. And you can improve materia with other materia, on some occassions. There are five different types of materia:a)Magic Materia: lets your character cast spellsb)Command Materia: lets you character use commands such as Steal or Enemy Skill (also known as Blue Magic)c)Independent Materia: gives your character improved stats or passive abilitiesd)Summon Materia: lets you summon characters such as Ifrit or Shivae)Support Materia: Allows you to add abilities to linked materiaThere is, however, one slight problem about a certain materia. In this game, there is a Support Materia called Elemental. What this materia does is it adds a connected materia's element(s) to your attack (if equipped on a weapon) or protects you from connected elements (if equipped on armor). The problem comes in play if you equip this to your weapon. If you run into an enemy who is strong against the element(s) that is/are attached to Elemental, you have no way to change the elemental properties that the weapon currently possesses. So, you may have to start back to your last save point if the situation gets really bad and all you can do is attack.This is the first FF to have "Limits". Basically, this lets use a unique, and usually strong, move when you character takes enough damage, so it's kind of like being in a rage. And as you use Limits more and more, you can get more and more different attacks you can use when you reach your Limit Break (when you can use a Limit).If you don't already have FFVII, hurry and get it! You won't be disappointed.
I wanted this game so badly for years, so I finally just went for it.  I heard it was one of the best games ever made, and it is true.  I actually beat it today and am so happy.  It was made in 1997 and still competes with games made today.  It has a great story and some of the best characters ever.  I got so attached to these characters.  I won't get into too much detail because other reviewers already did a good job explaining that, but it truly is a great game.  The graphics are fine for an old game, and I find the character design very charming.  The game is really fun, too.  I just couldn't stop playing, I always was so excited to play more and see what would happen next.  I even knew a good amount of what would happen ahead of time because of what I had read and seen, and it was still exciting.  There is also a lot to do.  After about 40 hours, I still haven't done everything.I have a few things I want to add.  If you're wondering if it works well on a PS2.  Yes, perfectly.  And one more thing.  I bought the game used, not greatest hits, and it had trouble because of the condition it was in, so I bought a new copy that is the greatest hits version.  The older one comes with a case that is very annoying because it is really hard to get disc 2 out.  I was worried about having to bend the disc to get it out.  I would highly suggest buying the greatest hits version because the case is made better.  All of the discs come out easily, so no disc bending.So in short, if you want to see what all the fuss is about, buy it and see.  I loved it.
Final Fantasy VII is easily my favorite Final Fantasy game, and I know them all. I own FFIV,V,VI,VII,VIII,IX, and X and have beaten FFVII,VIII,IX,and X and this one is the best. I have to recommend it to everyone, RPG fan or not. Squaresoft was at it's prime in this period what with FFVII & Xenogears, my favorite Squaresoft games. The battle format is the tried and true Active form (you have a "Active Time Battle" gauge that fills and when it fills, the character can attack. Enemies don't have to wait for you to use your turn to use theirs). There are tons of commands (Ex. Attack, Deathblow, Magic, Item, Morph, Steal, Mime, etc.) but many require Materia to use. Materia is what you insert into your weapon and armors empty Materia slots to gain the Materias ability while it is equipped. You gain AP as well as EXP and Gil ($) after winning a fight. AP levels up your equipped Materia. It is important not to overload your character with Materia though, because as Cloud says in a tutorial, "It acts as a double-sided sword. While it gives you abilities, it also can subtract from your stats." The story starts small as a rebel group AVALANCHE fighting the Shinra Corporation that is turning the only huge city on Gaia, Midgar, into one big industrial market. They are putting up Mako Reactors that suck the energy from the Earth and convert it to power. AVALANCHE destroys a couple of these in missions and Shinra devises a plan. 18 year old Cloud is just joining AVALANCHE, but reluctantly; he is very cruel hearted and troubled do to his past in the beginning, but that changes. Quickly the scheme becomes much more grandiose as Sephiroth gets involved. AVALANCHE falls apart and the core members and a few other characters leave to follow Sephiroth, while Shinra searches for "the Promised Land," a land with tons of Mako energy. The story is serious. A main character even dies at the climax of the first disc. It leads you through tons of places and aquaints you with many people. Of course the ever popular Biggs and Wedge return, as does Cid (you may not get this if you aren't big for Final Fantasy games). The Limit Breaks are cool. During battle there is a gauge called Limit Break which fills when you are attacked. When it fills all the way, you can use Limit Breaks which are very strong attacks. You learn new ones by using previous ones or a variety of other ways for certain characters. The status effects such as Poison or Mute are used. The ammount of Materia is staggering. The summons are great, but one stands out as fairly impossible to not be a one hit kill, besides on Safer Sephiroth if he has on Wall, or Emerald and Ruby Weapon regardless. This summon is common knowledge for Final Fantasy enthusiasts, Knights of the Round, where 13 knights attack the enemies. If you have a good magic stat, they do a good 9000 damage per attack (9000 x 13 = 117,000 damage). The graphics are standout awesome for their time, but nowadays they aren't special and the character designs are a disaster, but again, they were awesome back in the days. The sound is top notch with awesome music. Just like Xenogears, it's one of those few games where I like the music. There are a few huge [disappointments] (the chocobo battle music) and a few instant favorites (the Safer Sephiroth music, "One Winged Angel"). The game length is about 40-50 hours, but you'll keep playing it to get to level 99 and complete every last side quest (like me!) and clock in 70 hours if you have one ounce of common sense. The control is flawless except for the X for cancel and Circle for confirm, but that can be fixed with the customizable controls very easily. I just can't believe that you're still reading this review! Buy the game already, you won't regret it.
If you're a fan, then there's no need to read this any further.  I won't say much, but this is truly one of the greatest RPG's ever made.
FFVII is a role playing game where your decisions during the game will effect the overall outcome of the game. You are in control of a character named Cloud, an ex member of the famed Soldier from Shinra Inc. Cloud, along with a group of freedom fighters by the name of AVALANCHE, try to free the city of Midgar from the evil clutches of the president of Shinra Inc. Along the way Cloud befriends a young flower girl, a scientific experiment specimen, a fortune teller, an assasin, a ninja, and an ex pilot who help him in freeing Midgar. But there is an even deeper evil at work here as Cloud and his friends discover that the greatest Soldier in the world, Sephiroth, plans to destroy the entire world. Now with the help of his newfound comrades, Cloud must face his teenage past, and face his teenage idol in a climatic battle for the freedom of the world and the destruction of evil.Final Fantasy VII introduces a new time based system for battle sequences. Instead of taking turns hitting each other, the time based system makes it so that you have to wait a specific amount of time to attack again. The world map lets you travel anywhere and do almost anything. With stunning cinematography and dazzling graphics, Final Fantasy VII is truly the cream of the crop and the best role playing game this world has ever seen.Bottom Line: Arguably the best game for the Playstation console. Final Fantasy VII caps them all.
This is one of the best Final Fantasy games there is it re-wrote the video gaming at the time and introduced a new system of magic and weapons to the FF series. It is a lot of fun to play and I would buy it again if my copy ever got damaged.
Final Fantasy VII has the absolute BEST storyline in an RPG.  Period.  I know very few (if any) people who have started and not finished this game with a smile.  It's extremely addictive and you won't get bored with it before you finish it.  I just love this game so much!
I just finished writing a review of the excellent soundtrack to this game and realised I hadn't even written a review for the game, so here goes.  In my opinion this is the greatest video game of any genre, of all time.  The Final Fantasy series in general is probably my favourite series of games (awaiting XII eagerly), and VII is the best of all.What makes it the best?  It has to be the plot, which by gaming standards is superb, the angst driven main character is overdone in RPG's but it works to good effect here.  Sephiroth is another reason, he is the best bad-guy in a game ever, he is just pure evil.  He causes the plot to be more unpredictable than your average RPG, who honestly expected him to kill Aeris, when they first played through?  Main characters rarely die in these sort of games.  It is just a joy to play in every sense, the mini games compliment it well, including in the Gold Saucer.  The soundtrack is great, of course the graphics are now dated, but it doesn't detract from the gameplay at all, a true masterpiece, if you don't own it already, you couldn't do any better than to buy it now!
I have played thousands of games, spent countless hours on them.  I have played the best with titles such as Grand Theft Auto Vice City, and I have played some of the worst like TOtal Recall.  However throughout all the games that I have played only one stands out as the number one game of all time.  That title is Final Fantasy 7.What makes Final Fantasy 7 so great, especially considering the past titles, the sequels, and other great titles such as Dragon Warrior Series, BReath of Fire, and so on.  It has a special something that few games really have.  Any game can draw you into a story, hell old NES titles such as Ninja Gaiden and Zelda could do that.  However what makes this so great is that it is one of the select few titles in the relm of video gmaes that can do something that no other games can, but I shall reveal that later.  LEts talk about the game.FInal Fantasy 7 starts off like an action movie might.  You control Cloud Strife, an ex-soldier (equivelent to the  NAvy Seals) who is now a mercenary for hire.  He is currently working for the terrorist organization known as Avalanche ran by Barrett, a big burly black man with a chaingun for a hand.  His second in command is a girl named Tifa who was a childhood friend of clouds.  After a few succesful missions cloud is seperated from the team where he meets up with a young girl named Aeris.  Little does cloud realize at first is that Aeris is beign pursued by the conglomerate Shinra (Shinra is what Avalanche is trying to bring down.).  CLoud decideds to help her out but when she is kidnapped he must rescue her.  MEanwhile a ghost from the past returns to not only haunt him, but destroy the world.This is the main focus of the first few hours.  The story itself will slowly evolve into something that if you show dedication to than you will be very satisfied when it is all said and done.  Now lets talk about some technical aspects.The graphics for the time are outstanding, however when compared to today it is proof of how dated graphics can get quickly.COntrols are fluent enough and the menues are asy to scroll through.COmbat is never really one sided however if you don't build up your levels (by the end of Disk one should be level 40 or higher for the whole party) you will be whipped.The music is what seperates this from most games.  The music is the pinacle of greatness here.  As I am writing this I am listening to Aeris Theme which is one of the greatest tracks in gaming history.  This alone seperates this from most gaems past and present.However there is one factor that seperates this from most games.  The secret to why this one of he best is that it is one of the few games that can touch you emotionally.  Any game can give you an adrenaline rush.  However it is very select few gaems that can touch you emotionally, and even make you cry.  Final Fantasy 7 has accomplished this.  THis is one of the select few titles that has ever done this.  To date the only other title to do this is the cult hit Ico.In conclusion Final Fantasy 7 is the greatest game of all time because it has an incredible story, incredibel music, and the fact that you will be sucked in if you give it time.  But that is the thing, you must give it time and dedication.  This is however the greatest game of all time.
And I finally got my own copy a few days ago. The graphics for the characters are 'blocky', but I like them because they make me think of Legos and it amuses me. I think the quality of the graphics actually work better in certain scenes, like with Don Corneo. Better/updated graphics would ruin the whole 'corny' angle. Though updated movie scenes would be nice. The playable characters are nicely varied, from all walks of life. Of course I hate the time-consuming leveling up part, as I do in all RPGs, though the Materia add-ons are the best ones I like of the Final Fantasy series so far(played them all from the original up to XII, with the exception of V and IX). The story does take a while to get interesting, but that doesn't bother me too much, with all the side quests available.
My 21 year old plays this so I don't know anything to say except she loves it, as does my wife.
As the title says, this game is old, but it's still epic.  I'm a HUGE fan of the FFVII saga and I'm glad that I got this because I played the other one so much that I had to get another one.  I must be getting rusty because the boss battles in here I've had some trouble with.  But, as always, I find a way to beat them all.If some are use to playing 3D games, then...uhh...dude, go back to 2D if you're a true gamer.  Even after 10 years, the grafics are good, the fighting is awesome, and the story is always as epic as ever knowing that it's from Square Enix.  Ha, I just feel old playing this and I'm not even 20 yet!  But it's a really good game and you should play it for sure.
EA need to re-make this exciting game for ps3 or ps4 no doubt about it. they need to have hardcore NFS gamers back  bring back what made NFS  need for speed. not auto-log or alldrive crap  2 player racer with criterions Hotpursuit graphic is all we need.
This is a great game. Lots of fun! If you are a game collector I would suggest you grab this game ;).
You can't go wrong with this game. The character schemes, the fighting mechanics, the play-style, the music, the stages; they are all extraordinary. You're gonna like this game for sure, I guarantee it.
I love this innovative game. The combat system is so fun. Picking up objects and throwing them at your oponents will give you significant advantage over them. The transformation after you collect all three power stones is so cool! I like the fact that everyone gets a chance to evolve and to become the strongest fighter.
Power Stone is one of the great gems on the Dreamcast. This game was a breakthrough among fighting/action games. It is a 3D versus fighter, with tons of special moves, destructable environments, weapons and other items you can pick up and use, environmental traps and gadgets that can help or hinder you, and environmental objects you can use to jump off of, climb on, tear down, etc. It is a combination "capture the flag"/fighter where everyone goes dashing around for powerups and attacks each other to get them to drop their power stones. Once someone collects all the power stones, they go into their super mode and it becomes a game of cat and mouse until the effects wear off and the power stones fly off in random directions. This game is totally fun, totally original, and totally worth buying a Dreamcast if only to play this one game.
Do you like fighting games but wish they had a little more depth? Well then Power Stone might be for you. It's a great game where the 3D arenas, fast speed, crazy weapons and powerup moves really get your heart pumping. Everything here can be used to your advantage, from street polls to swing on to boxes &amp; cafe chairs to throw. The different environments really give you something to look at and each player has their own unique power moves. Unlike other games, this game makes you look for Power Stones, which transform you into a person with enhanced powers. Then they can really do some damage. Just getting to the stones first will be hard enough, along with defeating your foe. It's a cool game and I highly reccomend it.
Power Stone is a fun filled action game that every one will like.It has fast action!  Fast pace baby!  The way I like it.The desighn is great.  The level desighn in Power stone is awesome.Gameplay is great!  Thats what it's all about.  Gameplay.  It's also easy to use and learn.  The game will last for awhile but You will eventually get bored with it.  But not for awhile.This game is great...I give it 5/5....It's really good trust me.I haven't played Power Stone 2 though.  But get this game.....Later...
There are so many reviews of this top game around, that I will keep to the vital points. Is this the best Resident Evil game yet? Yes, It looks absolutely fantastic, but due to familiarity, it's not as scary any more, unless you have no idea what to expect. The zombies don't even fall to pieces in chunks any more! WHY??? Is it in complete 3D? NO! This was hyped up pre-release, but the truth is that, although the camera follows the characters around a little, all scenes are viewed from selected, semi-fixed view points, and you cannot look around at will. Shame! If you make it through to the Bonus game, you can play in first person, and really see the amount of detail present in those scenes. I actually like the fixed perspective of these games, as it looks so cinematic, but imagine the whole game with this freedom... Is it value for money? Yes! This is a long game that rewards some serious time investment. There are many, many locations and places to explore However, although it is a very long game, it's not that difficult! Claire has to battle the Tyrant in the back of a plane halfway through, and this is the only really tough challenge, the rest of the encounters are a bit on the easy side. You should not die much if you are a seasoned player. But the positive details override these small let-downs. Everything looks real! Locations and characters are perfectly realised, and Claire's lighter provides a really beautiful effect. The sounds and music are also excellent, you get to play as three people, and what a story... Dreamcast owners can really boast about this addition to SEGA's line up, and it has to be one of the must-haves of the system.
The Resident Evil games have long been a Playstation staple, having had three wildly successful games in the series. Well move over Playstation, because the franchise is moving to Dreamcast and going hi-res!Resident Evil: Code Veronica takes place between Resident Evil 2 and 3, and once again features Claire Redfield and her brother Chris. This time Claire is being held prisoner on an Umbrella-owned, zombie infested island far away from Racoon City. On her desperate attempt to escape the island, Claire meets several characters - some helpful, but most not so helpful.Code Veronica plays exactly like the other Resident Evil games (I've got them all), so if you like that style of control, you're in business here. What really sets Code Veronica apart from it's siblings, however are the graphics. I think I can confidently say that this is the best looking zombie game ever made. You can see every pus-oozing sore on those pathetic zombies, and environments are fully rendered in 3D.This game is a slam-dunk if you like the survival horror genre.
This is the Resident Evil game that all people have been waiting for, even if they don't realize it yet.  It was so good that it refused to die with the failing Dreamcast and dove across to the Play Station 2 ( I hear the graphics aren't as good on PS2).  It is the ultimate survival horror game.What make Veronica so great?  The graphics are no small part.  Sure, I reveled like the rest of us in the exploding zombie heads of RE 2 and 3 but I loved the brain splatter of Veronica.  The Tyrant from RE 2, with his blank stare and overcoat never conveyed the sheer life of a bendersnatch as he trapezed across the room and crushed your head, all the while looking at you with those oh so human eyes.What else you ask, makes this game THE RE?  Well, the story is superbly done and Alexia is the most...AWESOME bad guy(errr...Girl) that has ever graced the screen.  And all your old favorites are back too so expect to see some old friends and new enemies as you crawl and run around.Oh and there is more!  Guns have always been great in the Resident Evil games but these guns are crisp.  By that I mean they may not be awe-imspiring like the electroshocker from 2 or as satisfying as the enhanced shotgun rounds from 3 but they will do the job exactly like you would expect.  The twin uzi's will stop a zombie in its tracks but the spiders will laugh as they pump poison into you.  But you can show them who is boss with a blast from the grenade launcher, now better built to kill groups.  Across the board the guns will satisfy.And there is just so much else that I cannot write it all.  But needless to say, if you own a DC or PS2 this is a good purchase at any price.  Get it, buy it, steal it, love it.  Come be a zombie killer with the rest of us.
I played RE2 and loved it but Code Veronica for Dreamcast was everything that was great about the series and completely perfected it.Perfect atmosphere.Scary music.Spot on controls.Devious puzzles.And of course.......zombies, zombies and MORE ZOMBIES.Gorgeous graphics, stunning for its time.A story line that advanced the whole series quite a bit.I really have nothing bad to say about the game.The only thing I didn't like then is the same thing I don't like now.....the crate pushing.Why is there crate pushing in every RE game?How often do you need to push crates in real life to get from one area to another?It's not like I walk down the street during lunch break and encounter random crates on the sidewalk.It might be kind of cool if I did though.Granted, I don't run into zombies either........hmmmm........do the working people downtown count?I'll have to say yes to that one.Never mind.......RE Code Veronica.Took the formula of the original RE and perfected it.A must play for survival horror fans.Recommended.
Thanks again i didnt know if the other feedback went through or not but i wanted to make sure you got a good review and thanks for the valentines day wrapping sweet as ever.
Isn't it time they brought Claire back?  And not in no &#34;Operation Raccoon City&#34; neither.  Five, four, three, two, one.
Every part of this game has been permanently burned into the recesses of my brain.  Maybe not the specifics of plot or location, only the fear, that sheer terror I had from beginning to end.  This is what video games are all about - the ability to step inside a movie or novel and live those incredible moments as if they were your own.  I forgot I was sitting safely in my house, my life was on that screen.If that doesn't tell you this game is good, I don't know what to write.  The plot is unbelievable, the graphics are unbelievable, the game is unbelievable, the only problem I have is that you aren't really motivated to play it again after you finish it, but the game is really long, so I'm not too disappointed.  I've had a PS2 since Xmas, and I still haven't seen graphics to beat this game.  The story rivals my favorite movies, and I HATE video game plots!
I have to admit that I had never been much of a fan of the Resident Evil series on Play Station. But then Code Veronica came out on Dreamcast, and I quickly became a convert to the school of &quot;survival horror&quot; after watching my brother lay waste to a few zombies. This game will have you on edge--the story is suspenseful, and the enemies who pop out from behind corners can even make your heart jump if you try playing at night with the lights off. This is an A+ title that belongs in every gamer's collection. Even if you didn't like the other games in the Resident Evil series, Code Veronica will thrill you!
The latest inclusion in the Resident Evil series is quite simply the best thus far, with some fantastic if obvious plot twists it leaps ahead in the survival horror genre.Im sure you all know the story by no so I?ll comment on the graphics which are still awesome, This is without a doubt the best game on Dreamcast even a year after it?s release it still crushes most other games. The gameplay is only slightly improved from the originals but hell, ?If It Ain?t Broke, Why Fix It?, The game is well structured with a variety of puzzles, suspense and plenty of action.Unlike the rest of the games in the series, if you didn?t like the others this game ?Will? change your mind, fans of any genre with love and respect this game for years to come and justifiably so. The voice acting is spot on and the characters facial details when they talk is phenomenal, to the extent that it (at times) surpasses the almighty Shenmue. In conclusion this is one game that defiantly does the Dreamcast justice.
Follow Claire Redfield of Resident Evil 2 as she searches for her lost brother Chris, only to uncover another sinister plot to unleash a horrible curse on the world in the name of love. Rescue your brother only to be rescued by him. &#34;Code Veronica&#34; made for an awesome pre-Halloween gaming experience, kicking back in a bean bag chair with a bag of candy corn and the lights turned down low. &#34;Code Veronica&#34; is the true third installment in the franchise, but given Capcom's contract with SONY to produce a main-series title on their PlayStation system, their &#34;Nemesis&#34; spin-off took this game's place, and regrettably. &#34;Veronica&#34; is certainly a better game, with a better plot, better graphics, and better gameplay. Additionally, &#34;Veronica&#34; marks the series' last game in the Survival Horror genre before &#34;Resident Evil 4&#34; branched the series into an on-rails pseudo-shooter action-adventure nightmare (no pun intended; this analysis is accurately and justifiably harsh). It is the only game for the DreamCast, all in all, worth playing. It makes little use of the hardware's potential, and is only enjoyable insofar as it is a Resident Evil game.
Resident Evil: Code Veronica. If I could only say four words about this game, what would it be?BUY IT RIGHT NOW!If you liked the classy feel and mood of the Pre-RE4 games, with the shuffling zombies, limited health, and your nervous system going haywire because so many signs in the game scream 'DANGER', then this is definitely a game for you!However, just let you know, this game does still have the 'clunky' 'tank controls' associated with RE games. However, due to the Dreamcast's analog stick, it will be slightly easier to master the steering of this game then, for instance, the Gamecube REmake.Story:Roughly Three Months after Claire Redfield, Leon S. Kennedy, and Sherry Birkin escaped Raccoon City, Claire has found her way to Paris, France, the main headquarters of Umbrella Europe Inc. She infiltrates, but after a stunning cinema that impress even to this day, she goes down fighting HARD!Roughly 10 days later, WKD4496, aka Claire Redfield, is transported to Rockford Island, a prison facility and military training ground. While there, a bombing raid occurs, releasing the T-Virus onto the island. Claire's wounded prison guard releases her, but warns that there is 'No way off this island'.However, RE's favorite rebel biker sets out to prove him wrong, fighting hordes of the undead, along with freak mutations, while meeting some enemy faces like the Ashfords, and some slightly-irritating ones, like Steve Burnside. While there, she stumbles upon secrets about the island's owners, the Ashfords, and dark secrets on the history of Umbrella, taking her as far south as one could imagine, and even towing her lost brother Chris into the mix.Why would I recommend this game?:The challenge. This game is very good at starving you of health. Probably the second half of the first disc I was wandering about in danger, hoping to find at least a green herb while trying to keep the undead and mutants away from me.However, like RE3, it makes up the lack of health with a crap load of ammunition. If you play your cards right, nearly half of your inventory at the end of the game, before the final boss, will be back with guns and ammunition. Your classic RE weapons are here, Shotgun, Handgun, Grenade Launcher, etc, but so many new types are added it's not funny!Also, the Knife and Bow Gun in this game, they are OVERPOWERED! Four slashes can kill your average Zombie. About 12 Bow gun arrows will take a Zombie down, as opposed to the 20+ slashes and arrows in RE2. Not to mention that if you combine Regular Bow Gun Arrows with explosive powder, you have the most powerful weapon in the game. However, there are not many of these in the game.The story is very clean as it progresses, taking numerous twists and turns throughout, but still being easy to follow.The characters are hit-and-miss for most. Chris and Claire are spot on, along with a familiar face from a previous game. Steve can get a bit annoying, but by the time you get to the second disc, he'll either have grown on you, or you'll loathe his guts. The Ashfords, while annoying, have their parts done perfectly.After completing the game. *Which, first time around, will probably take about 10-12 hours*, you unlock a Battle Mode Reminiscent of the Saturn port of RE1. It's entertaining, although limited.Just to note: Maybe except RE0 *I've not played that game yet*, this game has fewer unlockables then most other RE games. You only get the Battle Mode, a special weapon for battle mode after A-ranking that, and a special weapon for normal mode if you can complete the game under 4 hours with NO deaths, NO First-Aid Sprays, NO saves *Except for the one they prompt you with between discs*, and NO continues. While the first half of the game could easily be done that way, the second half is near impossible with the *shudders* Hunters and Claire's final puzzle in the last part of the last disc. There are no 'bonus costumes', save for Claire's alternate in the Battle Mode, no other extra weapons, etc. Compare that to RE2, with alternate costumes, extra weapons galore, EXT battle mode, and Hunk/Tofu story.Just to let you know, this game can be purchased for the PS2 and GC, with some added cutscenes in those versions. However, for me, having the original Dreamcast feel is where it's at. If you own a Dreamcast, or any console that carries this game, go for it!
This is the best in the RE series yet. It looks wonderful on Dreamcast. Clear and fluid graphics with solid gameplay. The ability to use 2 weapons  in 2 different directions is a new feature that has really added to  gameplay and gives the player an opportunity to make it safely through  tight situations. It is a must buy, if you have a new Dreamcast make this  one of your first games!
I've been playing RE since it first came out for PS and back then it scared the living daylights out of me. Nowadays, it still is. This game is just too good to pass up. I highly recommend everyone to buy this game if you are even just a slight fan of the series. I hate myself for waiting this long to buy it. By the way, when you first see those Arm Stretchers, prepare to have an extra pair of BVD's on hand. Yikes!
OK, I'll admit, when I first saw that Sega was going to take over the production part of the game, I hesistated.  Being a fan of the Resident Evil series, I thought that it should've stayed with Sony.  All of the games on Sony (except for the...Survivor shooting game) were awesome, bringing me to new levels of terror and fear.  Code Veronica, however, surpasses them all to the point where you will have nightmares.The story takes place a bit after Res 2 (which happened before and during Res 3, if you can keep up).  Claire Redfield, while looking for her brother Chris, has been captured by Umbrella and detained on an uncharted island.  Of course, zombies come out from nowhere, and Claire has to find a way to get off the island.  The plot is top notch, and some parts had me going, "What the heck?", while the creatures had me saying other words I shouldn't say.  The game is engrossing, and with the addition of a dark room and surround sound, it's really creepy.  Creaking sounds and footsteps will have you wondering what's behind door #1 (giant spiders make quick thump-thump-thump sounds with their legs before they come to chew on you), and the beasts are rendered nicely (in a scare-you-silly kind of way).  The puzzles will make you think, as checking everything you collect is the only way to get through.The graphics are excellent, as shading and cutscenes are beautiful to watch.  When Claire lights her lighter, it's a sight to behold, as it flickers realistically.  The only problem is the clunky control, as it seems to populate this series a lot.  It's a problem, but one you can adapt to (and you'd better, before you become lunch meat).The replay value comes in the battle game.  Beat the game, and that becomes available (successfully complete a puzzle in the game, and Steve becomes available).  You can play as Claire, Chris Redfield, Steve, or Wesker, each complete with certain weapons (Wesker's game is insane; you only fight with a knife).All in all, with the Dreamcast becoming more affordable, I'd suggest you pick this game up.  It's easily the best of the series.
Simply put, Code Veronica is the best in the series.  After RE2 I didn't think the series could get any better but I was wrong.  CV had an amazing graphics and a superb camera system.  The story was HUGE and awesome so this was the most time consuming RE at the time.  I think the remake of RE on the Gamecube is longer (and 10 times scarier than the PSX version).  If you have a Gamecube or DC and love adventure/action/horror games than Code Veronica and the rest of the series is definately for you.
Without a doubt the best Resident Evil game ever made, &quot;Code: Veronica&quot; will amaze you with it's beauty, and scare the hell out of you with it's zombie shooting action.  The graphics are super superb, looking almost movie like and giving you such a surreal feeling its like your interacting with a movie rather than playing a game.  And like true horror should be, there's plenty of thrills, chills, and a hell of a lot of spills to behold.  Never has being scared senseless been so fun.  Essential for the Dreamcast owner.
This is the ultimate Resident Evil. It has way better graphics, better sound, a better story... Everything is better, but it does feel just like  the old Resident Evil game, it has the same feel to it. If you don't have  this don't consider yourself a fan of the series.
This is truly the best Resident Evil made so far! When i first turned it on and watched the first opening movie i was amazed! The graphics are great! So after that i got the first moment of gameplay. Same controls. Im used to em but they were a little difficult to master when i played the first resident evil.I go up the stairs what are there? Zombies! Different zombies actually. There graveyard zombies! I have a knife and try and kill em. I somehow do it. Im thinking ugh this game is gonna be hard! What do i do? Keep playing and run oit of ammo fast and die! If you really want to be able to beat this game you need to buy some kind of strategy guide or something. So why are you reading this? Go buy the game! Its the best so far!
This Resident Evil is the best out of the lot.  The graphics on this are the best that i have seen of any Resident Evil game, and the puzzles have been taken afurther which i am glad about  as in all of the other Rsident Evils all of the puzzles were similar.  The game is longer than all of the other Resident Evils, and in like some of the previous games you get to take on the roles of other characters.  The zombies are more intelligent and there seems to be a better feel to this game than all the others.  Congratulations to Sega for producing the best game out of the series.
When I bought code: veronica i was an amateur with resident evil game, but after playing two discs of resident evil pleasure, i can beat any resident evil game. Gaming is my profession, so the game wasnt too hard to beat for me, but it would be, on a scale of 1-10, the hardness is an 8, for average gamer, so be resident evil experienced befor you buy this great game, but other than that, the game is excellent, so the $$ doesnt matter, the game play is worth it!
I didn't expect this game to be so fun.  I just picked it up, just expecting to shoot things.  I couldn't of been anymore wrong.  This game is the best game out for the Dreamcast.  No question in my mind.  First off, you just don't shoot thing.  There is actually a real plot to this game.  Which sometimes lacks in others in this genre.  There are puzzles to solve, so you actually have to think to play.  But the best feature in this game is the mood.  It's just so morbid, you feel like your in the game.  No joke.  If I see a zombie, I start to wig-out.  It draws you in.  I really can't describe it.  The only way you'll know what I'm talking about is to play the game.  It's the greatest.
Resident Evil Code:Veronica was the best selling game on the Dreamcast.  Luckily for the PS2 owners Capcom has ported a version for their system.  But it all started on Sega's system.  C:V was the first game in the series to feature highly detailed polygon backgrounds, tapping into the power of the DC.  This coupled with some of the deepest most challenging, frightening gameplay in the entire series, and you have a game that is a must-have for both Dreamcast collectors or those who need absolutely every RE game ever made.
Like I said, I've played a lot of Street Fighter games in several arcades and I'm truly amazed with each and every one of them (except for some of the Street Fighter EX series). Street Fighter Alpha 1 and 2 were excellent games and they sold well in the console market. Street Fighter Alpha 3 improved over all of the Street Fighter games when it first came to the Arcade and PlayStation. When the Dreamcast came out, I had second thoughts about the PlayStation version. I have no problem with the PlayStation version, but the only thing I hated about it was the loading times. On the superior Dreamcast version, there are absolutely no loading times in this one. The graphics moved at a solid framerate, the gameplay still remained solid, and for the first time ever, you can duke it out with people from around the world using online play ! This is the first Street Fighter game to ever achieve and online play feature. Remember that sorry excuse for a Street Fighter, Dan Hibiki ? Well his Shinku Gadouken can go faster and farther (but stops at a certain point) and now it looks bigger than before ! You get to play as several characters like Evil Ryu, Fei Long (the Bruce Lee look-alike), T. Hawk, E. Honda, Ken, Chun Li, Ryu, Charlie, Blanka, Rainbow Mika, Gen, and more ! Wanna add a Street Fighter game in your Dreamcast library ? Get this one !
If you're reading this, then this game may not be for you. I say that because the type of person who'd enjoy this game most likely already owns it. If, however, you're looking to see what the Dreamcast version has to offer, or you're trying to break into the genre, read on.First and foremost, fans of strictly 3D fighters (a la Tekken, Soul Calibur, or Dead or Alive) need not apply. This game is 2D only, and if you've grown accustomed to the slower pacing of most 3D fighters, the transition can be a bit of a shock. You should know what it is, exactly, that you're buying before you order. Also, this game isn't the best looking 2D fighter you can buy. While it certaintly looks nice, it doesn't look really any better than the arcade version as far as character animation and such goes.So why the 5 star rating? Simple. The gameplay. This game has it in droves, and this isn't the instant pick-it-up-and-master-it-in-10-minutes kind of gameplay. The multiple single player missions, character saves, three different "isms", and the overall deep build of the game make it seem more like an extremely high speed game of chess than a $20 fighter. A good player can soundly trounce those with less experience, and it's very rare that a new player can sometimes one-up a veteran through luck and button mashing. Tekken has this problem, though some don't consider it a problem. I, however, prefer a system that rewards those with the patience to master it. To each his own.This game can, and will, teach you if you're willing to learn, however. A very good single player element lets you build up your characters in a quasi-RPGish manner. The better you fight, the more points you have to spend on making your character more powerful. You newly beefed character can either be left to complete the single player missions on his own (which are very creative and fun with set objectives like "beat 5 characters at once" or "use only super moves") or can be exported to the arcade or vs. modes. For added fun, find a friend with a character he's made, and pit your two characters against each other. Or, just play it in regular old arcade mode, which is perfectly translated and looks just perfect on the Dreamcast. If you thought the PSX version looked nice, wait till you see this. It won't turn any heads who are used to 3D, but as far as  2D goes, it looks mighty good considering the age of the game.All in all, an excellent choice if you consider yourself old-school fighting gamer and have the patience to learn. For those who prefer quick, painless, flashy, and shallow, look elsewhere.For those in the know, this is Capcom in top form.
I have been playing fighting games all my life mostly Mortal Kombat,Street Fighter,Virtua Fighter, and Tekken games.I recently bought this game on Amazon,and it's so much fun in dramatic battle 2p co-op against the computer. This game is such an awesome game and has so many different fighting modes to choose from.I like the World Tour Mode, you build up up your character every time you beat an opponent.This game is like the Playstation game except the graphics and sound are way better,also their is little or no loading.This version is just like the arcade version except their is more modes and more replay value.Their is so many characters,but some are almost the same like Juli and Cammy they have almost the same moves.The fighting is almost the same as Street Fighter 2,but it has fighting styles like A-isms,V-isms,and X-isms they are just different ways to do super moves.My favorite fighter is Shin Akuma.I played Street Fighter 3rd strike and I prefer this game over it because this one has more modes and extra characters.This game plays just like Super Street Fighter 2 turbo which is another classic game.This game is recommend if you like the Street Fighter or just like 2d fighting games.This game is really fun when you play it on a X-Arcade joystick or Hori arcade stick with a PS adapter to get the arcade experience.Pros: great selection of fighters,tons of modes,fun 2p co-op mode,fun game for playing with your friends,arcade perfectCons: too many similar characters,not everyone likes 2d games.
I bought this because i had recently aquired a dreamcast and i wanted to collect games for it. I bought it because it was fairly priced but when I received it in the mail; to my surprise, it was in perfect condition. It felt like the original owner took care of his stuff as the package it self was carefully made.
If you thought Street Fighter Alpha 3 was great in the arcade, you ain't seen nothin yet.  The graphics are crisp, clean, and very colorful, and the best part is there is virtually no loading time whatsoever.  The World Tour mode is great and the regular arcade mode is still as fun as its always been, and at this price I'd get it now if I were you 'cause it won't be around for much longer.
Street Fighter Alpha 3 is what the dreamcast needs at the moment, ands thats an excellent fighting game that is familiar with everone.  All of your favourite characters are in the game ranging from Vega and Chunli to Deejay and Cammy.  There are various modes of play and the two player option makes this game more appealing as you will have great fun repeatedly beating your friends.
great, but you can get the entire Alpha collection for cheap on the PS2 nowadays!still, a classic!
This is an amazing fighting game, you can pick from 15 characters which include (IN ORDER)Chun Li - Ryu - ZangiefMorrigan - Captain Commando - Mega ManStrider Hiryu - Spiderman - JinCaptain America - Venom - HulkGambit - War Machine - WolverineThe fighting is awsome when you connect on a hyper combo, you can go from 10 hits to 30 and beyond! If you are very good you might be able to connect on a good aerial combo. Sure this ain't no Marvel VS Capcom 2 but this is still a great game. The last boss is Onslaught which I find to be pretty hard and frustrating at times, the modes in this game are*Arcade*Versus*Survival*Training*Cross FeverIn this game Ryu can transform into either Ken or Akuma, pretty neat, and all with moves of their own! Charecters with some of the stronget specials would be in my opinionZangief,War Machine, Ryu(Akuma) and Jin. But the best player to use for combos would have to be Strider, if you know how to use him he could possibly be the deadliest character in the game. Heres a little secret, once you have beaten the comp or your friend when right after it says KO and the stats appear press START and then you will be able to move around and attack your opponents dead body. But I seriously think you should see your doctor first before playing this because the flashes in this game are extreme, the specials make the screen flash in many different ways that can make one have a seizure or get dizzy. But this game is a milestone in fighting game history!
Pros:- Fast paced- Flashy super moves- 2 characters per team, 3rd characters acts as assist only- The team hyper moves are actually a bit better than in Marvel vs. Capcom 2 in my opinion.- Combo system allows for many consecutive hits- Colorful levels; more comic book looking than Marvel vs. Capcom 2- 6 different characters to unlock- Great cast of characters- Will keep you entertained for hours, day, weeks, and possibly even months.- Two player mode will keep you entertained for years!- The Dreamcast version of this game is much better than the PlayStation version. They removed tag team fighting from the PlayStation version due to its memory limitation. That takes a lot of fun out of the game.Cons:- If any, it would be for there to be more characters. Considering when it was released, it does have a very large character line-up.
I said it before and I'll say it again in a different way. I'm a 2D fighting veteran and I know which 2D fighter is worth playing all over again and which is worth ditching. However, the PlayStation version of Marvel VS Capcom is just one of those games that needs to be ditched, except for the Dreamcast conversion. Unlike its unworthy PlayStation apprentice, the Dreamcast version of Marvel VS Capcom is 100% arcade perfect in every way ! Allow me to give the lowdown on this game ! The graphics are far by, the best I've seen. Although they seem a bit dated to some people who never played or doubt the VS series, the animation is seamless, with no frames chopped off. The characters look brighter and they move much faster and smoother than that of the arcade version. Including the backgrounds which looks very colorful, but some of them looks like they're featured in an enhanced 16-bit game. But despite of that, the Dreamcast's power is capable of making 2D fighters look better than any other 2D fighters on different home consoles. The sound still remains the same as the arcade and PSX original. The music sounds fairly catchy, but could've been better if Q-Sound hadn't made the music too loud and too flashy to bother even the most patient person in the house. As for the sound effects, almost as similar to that of the earlier VS series, but much improved. You'll still hear a whole lot of the same punching noises and the same hits taken from a super beam or a flame toasted fist. And for the voice acting, the same again, but the only voice that changed, was Ryu's. His character sprite may be based on the original Street Fighter Alpha character, but Capcom designed him to give him his old red headband he had while he was growing older, and make his voice sound a little deeper. As for the gameplay, very well done. The PSX controls didn't do much of the justice but the design of the Dreamcast control fits the gameplay very well. With the DC controller, Marvel VS Capcom plays like a charm ! Yes my friends...it's that good ! And plus, you get the tag feature, where you can switch your characters anytime you want, especially when your first character is losing energy. And as for the game modes, you get five of them, which should be enough to please you. You still get the Arcade mode, along with the 2 player VS mode, Survival mode, Cross Fever mode, and Training mode. As for the selection of characters, it's okay...I guess. You get characters from the Marvel universe from the US and the Capcom universe from Japan. On the Capcom side we've got Ryu, Chun-Li, Zangief, Mega Man, Strider Hiryu, Jin, Morrigan, Captain Commando, and Roll (as a secret character). On the Marvel Comics side we've got Wolverine, Spider-Man, Venom, Gambit, Hulk, and War Machine. The Marvel side does have its share of secret characters, but all of them are alternatives of the same character. But still, while the DC conversion has some flaws, it's still arcade perfect and furthermore, it has no loading times. Marvel VS Capcom for the Dreamcast is one game that shouldn't be left behind. I know what you're saying. I didn't really explain that much detail on the PlayStation version. But the reason why, is because its hard to explain complete details about a horrible port of a true Capcom classic. The DC version was simple to explain, because it defined arcade perfect with a vengeance ! Like I said, if you want the true Marvel VS Capcom experience, play the arcade version or just play this one ! You'll be proud you did !
I absolutely had to have this game when it came out. It was such a great time when console games were finally living up to there arcade counterparts and even surpassing them in ways(MvC2 had better graphics than the arcade). In Marvel vs. Capcom you select two fighters composed of either Marvel or Capcom characters(or both). You can switch between them during the fight which hadn't been done yet on home consoles due to RAM limitations. Such a great game and I'm glad to have it in the collection because it's as good as having the arcade machine itself.
You pick from 15 charactersRyu,Strider,Mega Man,Zangief,Morrigan,Captain Commando, Captain AmericaSpider Man,Venom,Jin,Hulk,Wolverine,Chun Li,Gambit,War MachineOnslaught is the boss in this gameAkuma,Ken and Onslaught are playable with a codeThis game is fun and has hyper fast gameplay.The game has 15 characters which is not that much,but it is made up in fast,nice gameplay.Some people whine about the graphics and say its "bad" and compare it to Tekken, those games are not in the same category.The 2d games are drawn and 3d games are polygon based graphics they are different types of things.The Dreamcast joystick is no longer made,but still want to play the game?, I got a solution,get a Playstation 1/2 adapter and buy a ps2 or Psone joystick and then have fun just like the Arcade.I recommend this game to people who like the other cross over games like X-Men: Children of the Atom, Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter. This version is the best because its arcade perfect and its to pick up and play  when you feel like fighting your heroes.Pros: Fast gameplay, Great graphics, awesome characters,fun to play,pull off huge combos,when using the arcade stick enhances gameplayCons: not enough characters, dreamcast controller not good for this game, 2d graphics not for everyone.
This is just as perfect as the arcade version. However, I did find that the music is a bit hyped up comparing to the arcade. Too bad there isn't really any new secrets in the game. The only thing I still don't like is that out of all the versus series, Marvel vs Capcom has the worsest looking energy bars for your fighters. The dreamcast control pad isn't too great for this game either especially when you try to do striders 6 hit chain combo from jab-roundhouse. Still, just don't let the controls bother you and if you are willing to spend $60 for the arcade stick then this game is definetly for you.
Intro:Ok, who would pass up an oppertunaty like this, unless of course you have the chance to buy the 2nd one, better, but yet not as valuable as the first, considering they DON'T MAKE THE FIRST MARVEL VS. CAPCOM ANY MORE! This game has crisp anamation, smooth gameplay, CRISTAL CLEAR sound and an awsome soundtrack that pumps you up and gets you in the mood for fighting(In the game anyway). Don't Pass up this golden oppertunity, get it if you can find it! First one also available for the Sony Playstation, and 2nd one also for the Sega DreamCast and Sony Playstation 2, and soon for Microsoft X-Box, and Nintendo Gamecube!Characters:The list of characters consist of the following 25:From The Capcom Universe:CHUN-LIRYU(with Ken and Akuma Mode)ZANGIEFMORRIGANCAPTAIN-COMMANDOMEGA-MANSTRIDERJIN.From The Marevel Universe:SPIDER-MANCAPTAIN AMERICAVENOMTHE INCREDIBLE HULKGAMBITWAR MACHINEWOLVERINE.Secret:From The Capcom Universe:LILITHSHADOW LADYROLLMECH ZANGIEFFrom The Marevel Universe:GOLD WAR MACHINEHYPER VENOMORANGE HULKONSLAUGHTSCORE: 4-5(The Character Roster could have included:Armored Spider-ManBlackheartCammyCyber AkumaCyclopsDanDark SakuraDhalsimJuggernautMagnetoM.BisonMephistoNashOmega RedRogueSabretoothSakuraShadowShuma GorathStormU.S.AgentOk, they did include a few of them, but only as helpers, if they made them as default playable characters, this game would have been way more  awesome than it already is, and that would totaly rule!)Gameplay:The gameplay is based on how fast and fun the game has, and how much slowdown the game experiences during play.The gameplay is lighting fast with absolutly no slowdown when I play it unless it is so little and the game is so fast paced that it's not noticeable, and that just makes the game even better. The game is also ultimate fun especially with playing with the younger kids, because the look on their face is priceless and hillarios when you pull off a huge combo with a great character, like Mega-Man for example.SCORE: 5-5SOUND:Sound score is based upon voice overs, SFX, and music.The music 1st of all is awesome, they use origonal music from origonal games, it starts off with the P1's 1st Character music, like if P1's 1st character is Mega-Man, then it starts off with Mega-Mans Music Used in the game, then after a character is killed the next character to pop up has his/her music played, like if Mega-Man is K.O.ed then the 2nd characters music for that team plays. The SFX rule, they are so good, thats all there is to say. The voice overs are perfect in every way and couldn't be any more precice to the characters.SCORE: 5-5GRAPHICS: The graphics in this game are so beautiful and unbelievably awesome looking, that you can't even believe why they didn't do this in the earlier vs. games.  If the graphics look this good on the 1st for Dreamcast then they have to look way better on the 2nd for the Dreamcast, and they do.  I definetly have to give the graphics.SCORE: 5-5OVERALL: This is not an average, this is what I think about the whole game, as a...whole game, anyway.SCORE: 5-5Get the game, unless you can't find it, then get the 2nd one!
Buy! Best Graphics on the Dreamcast that I've seen, and Fun gameplay to boot!
Old school, but great fighting.
You know, the only reason I wanted Dreamcast was for this game. I didn't care for other games except this game. THIS GAME rockS!! The graphics  are the best I have every seen and there are like 100 moves for each charator. The great thing about this is that you can unlock charactors after you have beaten the game with other charators. THere is also mission mode where you go on &quot;small mission&quot; and then you can unlock stuff like stages and special features There is practice mode which I find very useful because I can practice my moves without getting disturbed or attacked by other players. My personal favorite is Maxi because I luv the Nunchaku and the moves look so good and his moves are easy and powerful. My least favorite charactor is Yoshimitsu because he is weak and doesn't have very powerful attacks. I have the prima official strategy book and that tells be all the secrets about this awesome game. Let me tell you a little about the story line. THere was once a night of Cervantes and he had the soul Blade. He was a great Knight and ruled for many years until Taki and Sophita destroyed the(all these charators you can play in the game). So One day, a young german knight named Siegfried came across Cervantes body. THe body burst into flames and Siegfried is now Nightmare. You are trying to get the soul edge and deafeat inferno.This game is very interesting because of its story and the way the charactors battle. There is going to be a SOul CAlibur 2 for Playstation 2, Gamecube, and XBOX! I can't wait to get it because this game is the best game of all time. I still think that this game is the only good game for dreamcast! They sohld make this game for every system like the Tony Hawk series becase this is a great fighting game.Let me tell you about Maxi. His weapon is the nunchaku and it is very fast and only very experienced people  could see his moves soming. They are also very coolto watch. You might find yourself trying to do those moves(I tried to do them) He has a lot of combos.The most powerful person is Nightmare. He has the Soul Blade and can destroy a lot of things in his way. But beware! His moves are sooo slow, everyone can counter them!The weakest person I would say is Taki or another chinese girl. THe are fast and efficient but you would find yourself trying to puch and pull. They aren't that strong. To make up their strengh, they have quick speeds and fast attacks.Here is a study for the boss, inferno. He is a flame and to my opinion the hardest to beat. He only has like 4 moves of his own but every time you battle him, he can be one of any of the fighters. When I mean that, He has a same weopon as that fighter and the same moves but He is still a ball of flame. His moves are really powerful and you can like take the person out in like 3 moves. His stage is in Space and very creepy compared to some of the other stages.Edge master is just like Inferno except he doesn't have any &quot;only him&quot; moves. He is the master of weapons but not as powerful as Inferno. He is a old man who has a very long beard. His hair is either red or white depending on his costume.AHH. Soul Calibur is a excellent game and I hope if you have a dreacast, BUY THIS GAMEthanks for taking the time to read my reviewAlan Y.
One of the few games I actually bought for the Dreamcast while I owned one.I was raised on a steady diet of Mortal Kombat and nothing really prepared me for how hard this game was.I'll keep it short.The graphics? Astounding.The game play? A brutal revelation.Incredible story lines.This game can be picked up and played by anyone but trust me...on the more difficult settings this is no button masher.You better know your character inside and out or you won't last a minute.I'll sum it up.Awesome weapons based combat.One of the deepest fighters out there.Not for the fighting faint of heart.Recommended.
Until Soul Calibur 2 hits the shelves, I am not going to disconnect my Dreamcast. Soul Calibur is still the best game ever, and for the prices they are now, is better to buy a Dreamcast and this game than to buy a $50 game for any other console.
Even with the new consoles on the market, this game is still the best fighting game out there. Just so you all know, the Dreamcast is a 128 bit system just like the others. So, the graphics can be just as good. Could have used a few more fighters, but that's my only complaint. The backgounds are breath taking. The fighters have THE coolest specials moves I've ever seen. And, the special moves arn't really all that hard to use. You can get to them a lot of times with just a bit of luck. Some of the other fighting games I've played, I was never able to make them do the really cool moves because they were too complicated to pull off. So, I never got to see them. This is a must have game for Dreamcast owners.Revision:This is still the best fighting game out.  Even with the XBox and PS2 out.  Me and a friend still hook up the old Dreamcast to play this from time to time.  Can't wait untill the next one.  As of this new review, this will selling on Amazon.com for more than it was when Dreamcast was still out.  I guess that tells you a little something about how good this game is.
I got this game back in 1999 when I first got my dreamcast. This game is still coming out with sequels. I think that this is a great game!
This game was the best thing that came from the Dreamcast, aside from HOUSE OF THE DEAD. This was one of my main reasons for getting the Dreamcast. The graphics were awesome and the replay to this game was great.The second installment of the very popular Arcade smash Soul Blade, had much better graphics than the first, very fluid fights, new characters that rocked (and also a surprise cameo by Tekken's Yoshimitsu). Plus a lot of new weapons and fighting styles like a 3/4 staff, a sword with a chain attached to it, the Shaolin sword style and even some returing favorites like the short sword and Samurai sword.This game rocked! I still play this game eventhough the Dreamcast is more or less no more. This is a great game, if yuou have a Dreamcast, you need this game. It's almost a requirement!
I have been a fan of fighters for some time now, old and new and one seems to stand out.  Soul Calibur is the fastest, strongest, and most entertaining of all.  It's got everything a fighter should have with no hang ups at all.  A large selection of characters (loads of unlockable ones as well), Number of stunning arenas, and multiple modes of game play that will never get boring.  I reccomend this title to any gamer no matter what you like.  Can't go wrong.  The best fighter to date, Weapons down.
Great game one of the best for DreamCast especially if you like fighting games. If your just picking up a dreamcast and looking at games and own the later soul caliburs (SC2-4 are out at the time of this review) you will in my oppinion still find this game enjoyable its fell is much the same as SC2.  Though I personaly enjoy this SC over SC2.The only con to this game is the lack of costumes for characters (Most have two a select few have an unlockable 3rd). Also mission mode is a little on the short side a little easier then SC2. Other then those two things this is a great game. A must have for DC.
I have owned my Dreamcast for nearly a yera now and had been waiting to find a solid fighting game. Many people say that Tekken Tag Team for the PS2 is  amuch better game, but it is basically the same as Tekken 3 with enhanced graphics and doesn't have all the things that make Soul Calibur so much fun. I was thinking about looking for Virtua Fighter, but then saw a review that gave Soul Calibur 10 out of 10. I read the review that it was like Virtua Fighter, but with way better graphics, more fighting stages and of course, awesome weapons to fight with. This game has several modes in it including vs. where you can play head-to-head aginst a friend, and arcade mode which is the best and most fun mode in this game. In arcade mode you chose one of several characters to fight with. Each character has different weapons like axes, swords, num-chucks, etc. and different strengths and weaknesses. After you have succesfully beaten all 8 stages you will un-lock a new stage to fight on or a new &quot;soul&quot; or character to fight with that is usually much stronger than the normal characters. If you are looking for a fighting game for your Dreamcast, Soul Calibur is a must-have. And at the price of Dreamcast games these days, you just can't pass up the price on this great game.
Even though it's over a year old, Soul Calibur is not only the best-looking Dreamcast game there is, it's the best 3D fighting game on the planet.  Period.  Nothing comes close.  A lot of people say Tekken Tag for the PS2 is a better game, but Tag is merely a rehash of Tekken 3 with updated graphics, and Dead or Alive 2 just doesn't have the same shine. Soul Calibur introduced so many new ideas to the genre of 3D fighting that it's hard to think how anyone will surpass it:  the 8-Way run system and Guard Impact are just two of them.  The graphics are flawless 60 fps glory, the sound crystal, the backgrounds enthralling.  Mission Mode and the huge unlockable Art Gallery send replay value through the roof, but the true treasure here is the combat system.  Helped by pinpoint control, beginners and veterans alike will find no end to the depth of the fighting engine that the 8-Way Run system opens up, allowing your fighter mobility across the entire surface of the arena.  People are still talking about the huge leap Soul Calibur represents for fighting games.  Namco has produced a work of art that also happens to be the most flawless game I've ever played -- a year later it's still the most played game on my Dreamcast and I'm still discovering new moves and techniques.  Soul Calibur has sold many Dreamcast systems (my own and all my friends' as well), and at the price the system and the game are now, it's an ABSOLUTE STEAL.  Everyone who's even remotely interested in gaming owes it to themselves to experience this piece of history -- games like this don't happen often, folks.
Not that this game is "old", but when you consider it's a game from 1999 that's exclusive to a dead console system, it's amazing to realize that this game is arguably better than any other combat game out there even today. The graphics made full use of the Dreamcast's capabilities, and even now it is one of the most beautiful games I've ever seen. The combat moves are fluid and based on real martial arts...there is even a martial arts display mode where you can see all the characters doing various weapon katas! It is a good game for both button mashers and pros. There is no "blood" which makes it a bit unrealistic when you see someone getting hacked with a huge axe and not bleeding; but that doesn't detract from the experience because this isn't that sort of game. The abundance of modes allows for a high replay value. The only thing I would knock is the end-stories, which are a bit corny and considering the animation in the gamplay itself, it feels a bit like a copout to see the endings as just still life. However, that's all nitpicking.This game is the reason to buy a dreamcast, and it is still worth it to buy this game and then go find someone selling a dreamcast so you can buy and play it. Have fun!
This is a really amazing game, and I'm not even that big of a fan of fighting games.The graphics, moves, settings, and so on are just incredible.  I've played some 3-D games where bad camera angles gets to be  an annoyance, but this game seems really smart about that - you don't even  notice it most of the time, feels very cinematic.A good variety of  characters, each of which is very unique in style, moves, and controls.I  think the best thing about it is the wide variety of modes.  There is a  regular arcade mode where you strive to beat computer controlled enemies,  or duel with your friends.  There's a practice mode where you can learn all  the cool moves for your character (including lists of all the moves and  demos of how to do them and what they do).  There's a mission mode where  you have to achieve various goals in the fights (such as, number of hits  rather than life totals decides the fight) or some things are different  (the one where the rats crawling around will bite the characters in the  feet and bring them down is hilarious).  Achieving the goals, or defeating  the solo arcade version of the game, can make available new characters,  costumes, and settings.  And some other modes that I haven't explored  yet!The tight outfits and realism of the graphics make  for a fair bit  of beefcake/cheesecake, so if you find that sort of thing offensive, be  careful.  It's still pretty tasteful in that regard.  If you're offended by  violence, well, this is a fighting game!  Although there's no gore, you do  get to do things like whack your opponent a couple of times after you've  defeated them so that you can watch them writhe in agony.Thanks to the  practice mode, even an old clumsy person like me can learn enough of the  wild moves to make it really fun.  Of course, I still get destroyed against  people who know what they're doing (there's a lot of depth to the  blocking/countering strategies), but it's still a blast.  I'm always seeing  new moves and other things that surprise.
Hands down the greatest fighting game ever made.  Almost a decade after its release it still tops of even the newest fighters out there.  Dreamcast had the most potentioal over all the other systems, to bad Sega Sold out.  Every character, level, skill, story goes above and beyond.  Top's the most recent Soul Calibur 4 that was released this past July.  This game should be ported exactly the way it is to Next-Generation systems with a graphic enchancement.To bad many have not been able to witness the first Soul Calibur because it was on the Dreamcast.It needs to get recognized by the Nex-Generation gamers.
It received rave reviews as essentially flawless at the time and the graphics definitely hold their own over a decade later. How many games can you say that about without being unrealistically optimistic? Soul Calibur for Dreamcast has highly fluid game play, taking the very best elements of other fighting games of the time and turning them into something beautiful. If you have a Dreamcast, this title is essential. With unlockable characters and story mode, replay value is extremely high. If you have a &#34;gotta catch 'em all&#34; mentality, the story mode will keep you busy for a very long time. I cannot recommend this game highly enough.
The Dreamcast certainly had an abundance of fighting games. You could easily fill your shelves with Capcom's fighters alone. But one title stands as not only the best game on the system, but the one of the greatest games ever made.Soul Calibur was a launch title for the DC but you wouldn't be able to tell by the level of refinement, both in asthetics and gameplay.First, the graphics are phenomenal for their day. Nothing looked this good back in 1999 on the consoles. The character models were heads and tails above anything gamers had ever saw; they were clean, smooth, detailed, featured flawless animation, with fantastic effects like clothes and hair waving in the wind. The backgrounds are amazing too, various settings from underground caves, deteriorating castles, and Japanese style training grounds.It also rus in progessive scan with a framerate that never falters no matter how intense battles get. Not only that it looks better than the arcade version, quite possibly the first game to accomplish this feat.Sound is excellent too, even today, the voice work sounds great (although it is in Japanese, so I can't understand it). Sound effects are equally impressive, the clash of swords and other weapons sound great, nothing is overdone, or repetivive. The music is wonderful, it's great to hear it has aged so well, even after all these years. Namco could have easily thown togther some bland 80's rock styled music, but it wouldn't have done the game justice. The sweeping classical tunes work rather well with the fast paced, yet tactical gameplay.As far as the gameplay itself, it's perfectly paced, not too fast, not too slow. It is a game that is easy to learn hard to master. In my opinion, Soul Calibur is the most balanced of any 3D fighter. Even a beginner can pick up a controller, understand the basic concepts of the game and have some success just feeling out the game. However, it's not like Tekken (Namco's other 3D fighter) that allows button mashers to cheat their way to victory, if a person bothers to learn a characters moves, he can easily devistate a beginner. There are tons of advanced moves beyond just learing a command list, there are techniques such as the advanced guard and the 8-way run to master that seperate the average player to the advanced one. Combine this with strategies that a factored into most 3D fighters like forcing the ring out and using the clock to your advanage and you have a fighter with a serious amount of depth.While soul caibur has tons of depth, it would have not have reached a perfect score had it not taken it to the next level, and by that I mean modes. That is the mistake that Virtua Fighter 3tb made. Namco saw fit to make Soul Calibur on the dreamcast the most ambitious 3D fighter to date, and they succeeded. They did a wonderful job of adding a fully featured versus mode, team battle, survival, and extra survival (one hit kill), modes, but they all pale in comparison to mission mode.Mission mode is by far the greatest feature of Soul Calibur. Unlike Soul Blade where you had a handful of character specific missions that weren't very fun, Mission mode allows you to pick any character that you desire and progress at your own pace. Missions range from winning with a ring out, to survival matches, and later throw in more obsure challenges. While they are challenging, they are for the most part, fair. As you beat each of these mode you will acquire points to buy artwork; purchasing this artwork will unlock more missions, costumes, characters and stages. By the time you finish this mode not only will you be an accoplished swordsman, but you will have a robust amount of content to show for your efforts.There is a reason Soul Calibur has the reputation that it doesn 12 years later. The game is simply stellar. It has aged rather gracefully and is the best game on the DC. The game is also available through Xbox live for $10 but omits the mission mode and has everything already unlocked. This is truly the version to get if you want to fully experience the games as it was intended by Namco. I highly reccomend this game as one of the greatest games ever made.
I am a huge fighting game fan, but I've never liked the button mashing variety of fighting games.Until now. Soul Calibur is a fun game that keeps me coming back for more.  From powerful brutes like nightmare and asteroth to fast fighters like Sophitia and taki to everyone else in between, this game is one of my favorites.It's simple enough to pick up for anyone.  1 button for horizantal strikes, 1 for vertical strikes, 1 for kicks and 1 for blocking.  But the strength likes in it's combo system.  Even a newbie can get some combos by mashing buttons, but someone who knows what thier doing can wipe the floor with all challengers.In short, Best fighting game ever.
So I'm sure you've played fighting games before, well forget &quot;Mortal Kombat&quot;, and &quot;Tekken&quot; because &quot;Soul Calibur&quot; is the new wave of fighting games. &quot;Soul Calibur&quot; isn't just a fighting game, it contains other great elements such as Misson battles in which you are given a mission by the game to complete. And in completing the mission you are given points to unlock items in the Art Gallery which contains drawings and artwork from the game (very interesting to look at might I add!). The game also allows you to unlock new characters as well as choose another look for your character. This game is very entertaining as it breaks the rules of fighting games. Because it isn't JUST a fighting game, there is so much more you can do. There also are other modes such as &quot;Time Attack&quot; and &quot;Survival&quot; that put you against the CPU in a race for time. The background music is wonderful, the graphics are ahead of their time, and its great to hear the characters speak in Japanese. Again, this is a superb game this is worth owning a Dreamcast for!
Soul Calibur is the classic version of the arcade game, and is only available on the Dreamcast. For many, it's the main reason to buy a Dreamcast!You get a nice selection of characters, both male and female, young and old. If there's a complaint about the characters, it's that the females tend to have VERY skimpy outfits that mostly show off jiggly breasts and lots of underwear. The guys tend to have fully covered bodies. Something's not quite even here.There are a number of modes, between simple arcade mode, one on one combat, training demos, and more. As you play through the game you earn points, which let you unlock more secrets. It encourages you to go through the game as each character, learning their best moves and techniques. Each character has his or her own favorite weapons and combat style.As with all fighting games, you have to get used to the violence. The characters are bashing each other with some rather nasty moves - and it doesn't necessarily stop when one person is defeated. I've seen my character kicked to the ground, the game announce my defeat, and then the enemy throw in a final, gratuitous kick. It's very discouraging.The different levels are fun, with their atmosphere and backgrounds. The music is on the generic side and doesn't go themed with the world you're in, as more modern fighters tend to do. Also it is sometimes fairly easy to simply knock your opponent out of the ring and be done with it.Also, on the sounds angle, there are only a limited number of things that the announcer says. So if you play a given character through an 8 round series of fights, you are going to hear the same thing over and over again.That all being said, this is a true classic of a game and many people have become quite fond of the sequels. So if you're into inexpensive fighters, or if you're a Soul Calibur fan who wants to see where it all began, this is a must have!
Soul Calibur is one of the best games that I have ever played on any game console. Mitsurugi is my favorite character but there are several characters that I like in the game. The graphics are very impressive, second only to Dead or Alive 2 as far as fighting games are concerned. But what makes this game one of the best fighting games on any system is that it is the most sophisticated fighting game that is out now. You have arcade, team battle, time attack, survival, extra survival, practice, mission battle mode, exhibition mode, battle theater mode, art gallery mode, profile mode, several different extra characters, and tons of other stuff. The Mission battle mode along has several different ways to play the game which will add interest to playing the game for a very long time. First you have to earn most of the secrets in the game by beating the mission battle mode and then after you beat it(very long and challenging), you can still play it again. Anybody that has a Dreamcast and likes fighting games should definitely get this game.
Hands-down, this is the best fighting game that I have ever played. The fighting system is deep and complex, but doesn't have the huge learning curve that Tekken does. I have heard people call battles played by expert players to be like a dance, with blocking, parrying, dodging, and a variety of attacks used to keep your opponent guessing. A good selection of characters are available, though some are just mirrors of other characters with a few different moves. There is also a practice mode that helps you to learn button combinations for the 50 moves for each character(pretty standard nowadays, but Soul Calibur was one of the first to do this to my knowledge). The soundtrack is excellent, the gameplay is excellent, and it's just an overall awesome game. Back before the ps2/gamecube/xbox came out, this was the REASON you bought a dreamcast. If you dont own those 3 systems and can't get Soul Calibur 2, get the original. It's very much worth it.
Soul Caliber - Circa 2001GOOD:- Good/Tight controls- Nicely balanced gameplay- Lots of different and unique fighters- Minutes to learn years to master gameplay- Some nice unlockables like new Fighters, costumes, stages and other bonuses- A 3D fighting game that really uses the 3D space (with eight way run)- Considered a classic to many hardcore fighting fanaticsBAD:- Non- traditional fighting gameplay, might alienate some more traditional fighting game fans- Have to unlock most of the game through the story/quest modeIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE:- Has medieval theme, both European and Chinese/Japanese- Not traditional fighting game in the sense that there is no real combos and supers, or even projectile moves- Game has built in quest mode, where you pick a fighter and complete a number of challenges, the end result is you unlock more content and are a better player- Fight with weapons, like a 3D Samurai ShowdownGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Soul Caliber 2- Tekken 3- Samurai ShowdownADDITIONAL NOTES:- You can unlock a mode that lets you Customize your intro (by picking who will be in the intro of the game at which points).
By far one of the greatest games i have ever played.  Great story, mind-blowing graphics, awesome characters and more.  Everything about this game is incredible, right down to the realistic breathing motions of the characters!  The soundtrack is the best I have heard out of any fighting game to date.  I am desperately trying to find it, but i still can't.  Let me know if you do! Lots of game modes and jam-packed with secrets.  It will take you a long time to get bored with this game!  This is the only reason I haven't sold my DC yet, since Sega abandoned it.
This is without a doubt the best game for the Dreamcast. If you own this game and you have friends or family for competition around to compete with then you know exactly what I am talking about.Classic fighting game. Namco did something right here. They created a perfect fighting game. This was an arcade, but didn't get any attention like the great Teken series.This game looks just like the arcade if not better. Sega really came though. I have a dreamcast and only 3 games. This is one of them. This came is the main reason I purchased the Dreamcast almost 2 years ago.The characters are the best I have ever seen. With ease they blow away simple characters like Sub Zero, Ryu, or Paul from other fighting games.The weapon advancement to each figher is pretty brillant also. The sound for this classic is nice too.Each character has his or her own stage. The stages are mind-blowing. Don't just take my word for it, rent the game and waste 4 or 5 dollars becaues after you play it you are going out to your local Best Buy to get this game.ITS THAT GOOD. Give credit where credit is due. Thanks Namco for making the perfect fighting game.
When Namco introduced Pole Position, they revolutionized gaming forever. When Namco introduced Dig Dug, they revolutionized gaming forever. When Namco introduced Pac-man, they revolutionized gaming forever. When Namco introduced Soul Calibur...you know the rest.The unanimous vote for best fighting game ever made was given to this game. Soul Calibur is indeed the best fighting game ever made. With seemingly endless &quot;goodies,&quot; intense battles, beautiful artwork, incredible graphics, Namco has once again revolutionized gaming forever (surprise!). With nineteen playable characters (I think), this game never ends.There is a Mission Battle mode in which you fight battles to earn points which, in turn, will buy cards with artwork on them. Some cards unlock costumes, some unlock whole levels. A few unlock whole new modes. That's all I have to say about this, except for: BUY THIS GAME!!
One of the first games ever released for the Dreamcast, and one of the best, Soul Calibur is amazing from start to finish.  The graphics, control, special features, and fighting engine are superb, and this is the one game that if you own a Dreamcast you must have this as well.  However, good luck finding it, when the Dreamcast came out, it sold pretty quickly, and Namco only released the game in limited quanitites, but this is one hell of a game, and its a better investment to buy a Dreamcast and this game rather than lay down 50 bucks for a single game on any of the other systems.
Namco has set a new standard of graphics and gameplay for the fighting game genre with Soul Calibur.  This game surpasses every 3D fighting game in a number of categories.  Fresh characters, responsive and balanced gameplay, incredible graphics, jaw dropping animation, lots of replay value, and even great music can be found in Soul Calibur.  Not only is this a perfect arcade conversion, it actually has even better and more polished graphics than the arcade game. If you have a Dreamcast and are a fan of fighting games, your collection is not complete without Soul Calibur. Play it for yourself and find out why. Hopefully Namco will take their time with the sequel, because it's going to take alot of effort to make a fighting game better than this.
First of all this game has awesome graphics, nothing on any other system/computer compares to them. The game is fun with a bunch of  characters, and several that are unlockable, plus a mission mode where you  have certain goals with story elements that comply with the story of the  game, playing through the mission mode you earn points so you can spend  them to view artwork, viewing the art can unlock new options, arenas etc.  Buy it.
I'm make this short and sweet.  This is the greatest fighting game ever.  And this is a DC exclusive and will forever be one of the best DC games ever.  It has everything I love about fighting games.  First off the visuals are just so juicy.  Not as sharp as SC2 but still great visuals even for this time of the year.  The game has some really great things added to this DC version such as a mission mode, it's like a story mode, what you do is buy art galleries to start new mission, trust me it'll keep you in for weeks especially since it's for EVERY CHARACTER!  The game has some other neat things added to this game such asPracticemodeMission ModeSurvival ModeARCADE MODE, which you can unlock characters.And some other neat things but I will tell you right now if you do have a Dreamcast don't keep it to dust and play GTA on your Ps2.  You need this game for the Dreamcast.  This is one of the reasons people got a Dreamcast....I got it as a gift from my aunt and took advantage of it by getting the games..And this gem was one of them.  Listen..do your self a favor and get this game...heck even Gamespot gave this game 10 and it's extreamly hard getting a good score on this game..  The visuals arn't as great as SC2 and that is pretty much the only thing wrong with it..  Bottom lineGoodSuperb Visuals on the DCGreat extras for the DC versionMISSION MODE ROCKSControlls are easy to get use toLoads of play time and Arcade Mode is a blastBad..Hmmm....NothingUglyNothing...GREATEST FIGHTING GAME EVER ONLY ON THE DREAMCAST!I give it a 5 out of 5 stars!!Lates.
The only draw back with this game is it gets kind of boring but its a great game that put bypassed the arcade by far! This is a game I wont forget.
Soulcalibur is the best game on the Sega Dreamcast- it's as simple as that. I can't even explain in words what this game has to offer! I had never been a huge fan of fighting games, but when I played this, the tables turned. This game has the most depth and detailed graphics of any I've ever seen by far. It has probably the most beautiful backgrounds ever, perfect gameplay, an astounding soundtrack, fast weapon-clinging action, just to name a few. That's not even mentioning all the game modes and the exquisite art gallery. The character detail and design is so colorful, real, artistic, and smooth it'll blow your mind. This game is the mother of all fighting games, blowing any Tekken (especially Tag Tournament) into the ground. Tekken would be good if you could move faster than a turtle. Plus it's some really good epic scenes of each character, and each character is unique, in both multiple costumes and weapon use. Their names are even awesome, their outfits, moves, fast action combos, etc. This game is just too much to talk about- you have to see this for yourself! Fighting has never been better! If I owned Sega, the Dreamcast would come with this game at a minimum! This is a MUST OWN title for this system- it's incomplete without it! Buy it today!
In 1996 Namco released a game called Soul Blaade in North America (known as Soul Edge in Japan) and it was a game that focused on weapons based combat and centered on several characters going after a sword called Soul Edge.  Either to destroy it or attain it for their own means.  When Namco began talking about a sequel one of the first things they knew they wanted to incorporate was the use of the entire arena instead of just characters moving on one line.  This eventually lead the creation of 8 way run.  Where one could--literally--walk circles around their opponent.  But was it right to simply call it Soul Blade 2?  Project Soul thought not.  Instead they called their new creative and innovative fighter: Soul Calibur.Though not having a fantastic run in Arcades, the game was ported to the Dreamcast in 1999 and launched with the system.  When it was released it was such a smashing success and offered so much for players that we had a new champion of fighters.  It was simple enough for newcomers but had enough depth for experts.  But more than that, 8 way run and the detail the game had was, at the time, just unheard of.  Looking at it now, it's hard to believe the game was originally made in 1998.  It was not only well ahead of its time, but the only game that really seemed to give it any competition was the release of Soul Calibur II years later.  Since it's release the original Soul Calibur has gone on to be recognized as one of the greatest and most innovative games ever made.  And to this day, the only game that is really like Soul Calibur are the other Soul Calibur games.Many fighting games are not much for their stories.  A lot of them can tell a story but they're primarily about the fighting.  The original Soul Calibur is the same way, but there is actually an emphasis on characters and the relationships that these characters feel they have with other characters.  Every character has their own unique ending to Arcade Mode and every character has a biography that you can read to learn about them.  There's definitely a story and a narrative at work here.  As you read about the characters you'll learn as to why each of them are going after Soul Edge.  Their stories are tragic but interesting.  It's even more fun for those who played the original Soul Blade.  Things hadn't become quite convoluted with the story yet.  And when you read about all these characters some of them you're bound to find intriguing in their own way.  You may even find yourself having a favorite.  Not just because of how they fight... but because of who they are as a person.  They've got personality here and it shows not only in their exchanges in combat, their endings in Arcade and their biographies, but also in just how well they fight.Soul Calibur has a simple way of fighting.  You've got horizontal, vertical and kick attacks.  You can also guard and, of course, move all around the ring.  You can also combine attacks by pressing two buttons simultaneously for different attacks.  The implimentation of 8 way run really increases the number of moves which can be done.  It's simple to pick up Soul Calibur but the game itself is fairly difficult to master.  Unlike other games, there is actually qutie an emphasis on pokes, precise strikes and quick moves rather than emphasising the need to learn tons of special moves and combos.  It certainly doesn't hurt to learn these things, but no one will feel powerless when playing Soul Calibur.  But it does have a few complex moves and combos none the less.  Some characters have slide input movements while others may have attacks that require much more precise timing.  Anyone can pick up the game and utilize pokes, but a true master will actually have to sit down and train with some of their favorite characters.It's also to no surprise that Soul Calibur does put a huge emphasis on the player's ability to move all over the arena instead of just in a straight line where they my have moves that step to the side.  This is emphasized by the fact that any character can also attack while circling another.  Or they can use this to side step opponents.  This wasn't just some gimmick thrown in, this was pretty much what Soul Calibur was all about.  To put more emphasis on this, Soul Calibur allows players to knock one another out of the ring.  If there was anything that stood out in Soul Calibur as a real flaw it MIGHT be this little tidbit.  Unlike future games in the series, the first game made knocking someone out of the ring a fairly simple thing to do.  Characters went out of the ring far more easily than otherwise.  And while it's great to snatch a victory through ring out, it can be a pain when you suffered a ring out just because a very small portion went over the ring.Aside from that, Soul Calibur was a nearly flawless game.  It managed to do this by offering players what the Arcade couldn't.  Before Soul Calibur came out in 1999 if you wanted the best graphics and best experience with fighting games you typically went to Arcade to have it.  Soul Calibur was one of the games that helped to change this, in part because of the Dreamcast.  The Dreamcast version of the game looked and sounded better than the Arcade version.  The stages were more detailed.  The backgrounds, rather than being pre-rendered, were actually in 3D.  The game was the prettiest thing on the market in 1999.  And the characters were also detailed.  The console version of the game also offered different modes.  You had the typical Arcade mode, but the game also gave you a survival mode and things to keep you busy such as the game's Mission Mode.  Where you went to various stages to partake in missions.  These missions earned you points, which you could exchange in the Art Gallery.  Sometimes when you bought art in the gallery you unlocked other missions, stages or character exhibition theaters.  There was a lot to unlock in Soul Calibur.  It was an experience you simply couldn't have in the Arcade.As a result, Soul Calibur has also managed to age well, in part because it was so far ahead of its time.  In fact, its sequels can only seem to do worse because aside from tweaking characters and adding moves, there isn't really much you can do to improve the experience of Soul Calibur.  A franchise that achieves this much critical and commercial success right out of the gate doesn't really have anywhere to go but down.  And indeed, the Soul Calibur series has often been criticized that not much has been done to the basic formula as the years have gone by.  But when you play the first game it becomes apparent that it's really hard to build on that particular foundation.  We're talking about a game that was hailed by critics and consumers as one of the greatest games of all time when it first dropped onto the Dreamcast in 1999 (and is one of the few games on Amazon that still retains a five star rating years later).  Where exactly do you go from "Greatest," exactly?  No where, really.  But it seems to be a testament as to how powerful and impactful Soul Calibur really ended up being.  The original still manages to be a strong game even by todays standards.The Soul continues to burn bright and those who still have their Dreamcast should own this game.  It is not just one of the best games you can find on the system, but still remains as one of the greatest games ever made.
Forget any other reason for buying a Dreamcast -- Soul Calibur remains as the sole good reason for spending the money. It's worth the money, it's worth the money, and it's worth your time to check it out. You may have some trouble grabbing a copy of Soul Calibur, because every Dreamcast owner probably purchased this at the counter when picking up their system. Soul Calibur is the ultimate in fighting games - sleek, graphically unparalleled, and deep - and ranks as the best fighting game out there. It's set apart from its competitors by the double knockout of a great look and solid game play. Based on last years hit arcade game, and a sequel to the smash PlayStation hit, Soul Blade, Soul Calibur pits ten fighters against each other in a standard two-out-of three battle for supremacy. But might doesn't always make for right in this game. Soul Calibur is unprecedented in its game balance, with large, impressive bulky fighters on the same ground as small, fast players. The ten starting fighters are just that - a starting lineup. Through game play and advancement you'll uncover many cameo fighters, like Yoshimitsu from Tekken, and Seung Mina and Hwang from Soul Blade. There are also mystery stages and costume changes to uncover. Soul Calibur also offers many new options that the arcade version couldn't. Battle Mode, Team Battle, and Survival modes all lend the game an enormous replay value, while the sometimes complicated move system is helped out by a very thorough Practice mode that explains every move and shows you how to execute them. Graphically, the game evolves past its arcade counterpart in every respect, with incredible detail and superior polygon counts. Soul Calibur on the Dreamcast is without a doubt the best looking fighting game ever, with nuances like muscle rippling, facial expressions of pain, fear, and anger, and caustic lighting effects that dazzle the eyes. The game also excels in the area of sound, achieving what other games only dream of - the perfect balance of music, voice, and sound effects. Clashing swords, primal yelling, and blood-pumping heroic themes course through the game, all meshing for the perfect sonic mix. Namco has retooled the fighting dynamics so that both button-mashers and serious students of ass-whupping can both benefit and prosper in the game. Although novices can easily beat the game on easier settings, the game definitely favors those who understand Soul Calibur's complexities, like dodging, vertical and 8-way run attacks, and stagger blocking. Someone who has mastered the arcade game will find the differences in the moves trifling, while every one else will scarcely notice. What are you waiting for? Sonic can wait, TrickStyle will still be pulling tricks next week, and NFL 2K has a millenium ahead of it. There's no excuse for you not to be enjoying the best fighting game this year, and possibly the best ever. Power Stone and the laughable Mortal Kombat Gold can't touch the soul of this fighter, but you can.
One of the best fighters ever made, actually quite possible the best fighter ever made thus far. Graphics far superior to Tekken or Dead or Alive 2, this game rocks. There is so much to do, you unlock all kinds of good stuff by fighting like galleries of art new costumes, and levels to fight on and more. This game has great strategy in it as well as it is not like Marvel vs Capcom where you just push buttons and pull off random power moves. This game is exceptional and I own it since the Dreamcast debut!
I grew up playing Mortal Kombat. I was a fan of the series up to it's 3D debut, when it really began spiraling down-hill. Soul Calibur is the first 3D fighter that I felt is worth the buy. It has a deep storyline, as deep as fighting games get. It includes TONS of secrets that can be accessed by playing through the games on various modes. The graphics are the best you can find on ANY system. Buy the game if you even remotely like fighting games. If you don't... what is wrong with you?
You can't beat the classics: NES SNES and now even N64 is considered classic. Mario Golf will be fun for the rest of my life. The game itself is in great condition and I will be playing this one frequently.
When I first played this game, I knew next to nothing about the sport of golf. I rented it for three days, not only learning how to play golf, but  quickly becoming horribly addicted to it.A month later I now own this  fabulous game, and I also play golf too, although my real game needs some  work, Mario Golf doesn't. It's fun, challenging experience that everyone  can enjoy. Bring over your three friends and play all night, it's the best  golf game ever made.
Awesome Golf game for the N64 if you are an old Nintendo freak add this one to your collection it provides hours of fun.
The Golfing Is Nice And Smooth In This Game And Also There Is Lots Of Playable Characters.The Golf Courses Look Very Good And Just About Everything In The Game Has Nice Things To Offer.Any N64 Owner Should Defintely Check This Game Out.
I was the biggest fan of NES Open, one of the last games made for the original Nintendo Entertainment System.  It was a golf game that featured betting, longest drive contests, and a tournament where you could name all your competitors.  Most golf games I've played focused more on having a big name (i.e. Tiger Woods) than fun.  But NES Open was great fun, and I thought it'd never be beat.  I'm eating my words.  Mario Golf is one of the most fun games, period.  So many options...you can play the tournament, ring shot, speed golf, play characters and keep them, mini golf, skins and more.  The suspense of the match game is the best.  It's going to take me forever to achieve everything on this game.  The ONLY complaint is that the mini-golf is really uncreative.  Other than that...it's perfect.
Love this game. Play it non-stop and might just be re-addicted to it. Works great, and have had no problems with it.
I've played this game extensively, and it really is my favorite golf game.  I even prefer it to the more realistic games out there.  It  has perfect control, fun and varied courses, Nintendo characters, and four people can play at a time!  It's just plain fun.
Really fun game for a group of people. Easy to learn how to play. Good variety of courses. I would recommend this game to anyone.
I was skeptical when I first rented this video game. I never thought that anything related to golf could be interesting- and ironically I ended up buying this game a day later and playing it for hours and hours, hopelessly addicted to it. Mario Golf has many different playing modes to entertain you - Tournament (challenging tournaments where you compete for the gold cup), Play for a Character mode (to unlock another character) and many various speed trials. The characters are the classic Mario, Luigi, Peach, Toad, Bowser, Wario, etc, plus a many more new characters (kids, snobby golf experts, slick pros). This game is challenging but not too hard (don't worry, no golf knowledge is required). So, basically what I am saying is that this game is excellent- don't hesitate to try it out!
i love N64 games, and this is one of the most fun ones i have. Love the fact i came play as different characters. fun for all ages.
If you have any interest in video golf whatsoever, you need to get this game. Nintendo has succeeded in making a golf game that is fun and challenging for young and grown-up people alike.There are several different types of play in the game. You can play by yourself in tournament mode, in head-to-head mode against the computer or other golfers, in ring mode, speed mode, or in mini-golf.Tournament mode is the big one - you start with a variety of Nintendo characters to choose from and one course to play on. Completing rounds earns you experience points, which are used to unlock other courses and characters. You also get trophies for finishing in the top three and Birdie Badges for getting a birdie (or better) on a hole. As with similar games, your goal is to unlock all courses and characters and collect all the badges.Head-to-head mode provides another method of unlocking characters. Beating a character in match play enables you to use it in the other modes. The game also saves your records with each character against all the others. The best play with this mode, though, is against other players. You can set handicaps, bet on each hole, the front nine, back nine, closest to pin, longest drive, and you can even play slot-machine golf, where each player gets only a random wood, long iron, and short iron for each hole - if you're lucky and get three stars, you get the full complement, but if you only get one star, you get one fewer club. Try playing a par-5 hole with your longest club being a 4-iron!The ring-shot mode is challenging as well - you must hit your ball through one or more rings on the course and finish the hole in par or better. Clearing rings will unlock characters as well. If you think the first few tasks are easy, they will get tougher as you advance! Character-by-character progress is saved for this as well.Speed golf is interesting - your fastest times on each course are saved, along with your corresponding scores - but not quite as much fine. Mini golf is included as well, but without any rewards I noticed.If you think this is a good game so far, wait till you play the Game Boy version as well. You can use the Transfer Pak (sold separately, for some reason) to move your Game Boy character to the N64 version, where you can use your experience to build your character. This is essential for mastering the harder courses and beating the top golfers - your GBC character can become stronger than Wario and hit the ball straighter as well. You can also pit your characters against your friends' characters or trade them (if you're so inclined). Finally, you can send your N64 status back to your GBC and view it in more detail there - you can see each character's best score on each course.Even without the GBC version, this is a top-flight golf game in its own light. Add the Game Boy Color version and a Transfer Pak and you have a keeper.
I love what I got and I don't worry about it not having a case as cases waste space! Thank you!
It is a fun game to revisit after several years but it does get old quickly with having to memorize moves and limited wrestling moves you have access to. It is still an enjoyable game for a few weeks.
I get it, it's features are lame but for me this game is cool. It was fun to wrestle with even though there were times where the wrestler would run and stay running and never move again, or when you would lift up a wrestler to perform a finisher and they would stay dazed for like a few minutes, corny moments but still good.
I enjoy seeing the PPV, smackdown and raw. this one is a rare one to get if you like wwe wrestling.
Resident Evil 3: Nemesis is the third game in the series (though it was not intended to be, that was supposed to be Code Veronica, but whatever) and it is the third best. And that is NOTHING to be ashamed of.This game had a lot to live up to coming on the heels of what is arguably the best game for the entire playstation system, Resident Evil 2.Does it? Yes and no. It is an amazing game. Jill is hot. The graphics are nice, the music is great and Nemesis is awesome. The only thing this game had going against it was the length felt a bit rushed. There's not quite as much substance here as in Resident Evil 1 and 2.But Capcom has made up for that with the live decisions that alter gameplay and even endings and the randomness of the game in terms of enemies and items. You never know quite what you'll get on any given play through.Bottom line, get this game only after getting the first 2 in the series, but please get it. It is much better than Capcom's lackluster effort at modern Resident Evil games.This game still has soul.
This is another great R.E. game with a cool mercenaries game at the end.
this i got for my son who loves it more than i can say !
Resident Evil 3: Nemesis is sometimes called the forgotten installment in the Resident Evil series.  Other people just call it the least popular.  Let's face it: all the attention went to Resident Evil 1 and 2 because those were the games that were revolutionary.  Those were the games that not only brought realistic, never-before-seen gameplay and 3D survival horror graphics to the original Playstation, but the Resident Evil series also made it *very* difficult for any imitators to come along and try to overtake the popularity and success of the Resident Evil series.  Capcom knew they had something amazing with this series, and that's why when video game fans think about being scared and trying to stay alive, the Resident Evil series *immediately* comes to mind.Now, here comes Resident Evil 3: Nemesis.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but, at the time of its release, this game didn't receive NEARLY as much attention as the previous two Resident Evil games.  Maybe it had something to do with the fact that video game fans were anticipating the upcoming release of the Playstation 2 in the year 1999, or maybe people thought the Resident Evil series was starting to run dry.  Nah, I highly doubt that second one is true.  Nemesis was just the Resident Evil game that didn't really stand out, despite the many positive reviews of the game that I'm sure you've read about.  Yes, the game is fantastic, and the fact that so many people would agree with me is more proof that the Resident Evil series was nowhere NEAR ready to be forgotten.  Not in this lifetime, baby.  It's just that Nemesis wasn't really a drastic jump forward in terms of innovation, like Resident Evil 2 was.I honestly believe, if you have an appetite for running around destroying zombies, that Nemesis is the *perfect* Resident Evil game for you.  I was completely taken by surprise as I continued to progress through the game and notice that the amount of zombies and other familiar enemies are absolutely LOADED almost everywhere you go.  Zombies left and right!At the very beginning of the game, when I looked inside that giant item box beside the typewriter, I couldn't believe Capcom was so generous as to give me more than enough ammo right from the beginning.  I really mean it- you receive a LOT of ammo from your item box.  After beating the game, I had a ton of ammo leftover.  Now, I realize people will probably look at this as a bad thing, and complain that lots of ammo greatly decreases the challenge and makes progressing through the game a cakewalk.  They'd also have a point if they wanted to complain that giving you loads of easily-available ammo straight from your item box doesn't really define "strategy game", since you aren't spending the majority of your time dodging enemies- you can simply walk up to them and shoot them and have *more* than enough ammo available for the next enemy you encounter.  They'd be absolutely correct, on both counts.Capcom is also pretty generous when it comes to those green herbs and first aid sprays.  You can find plenty of them throughout the game, just sitting around on the table or floor, making the challenge level go down even more.  Oh, and let's not forget that, in addition to having lots and lots of ammo generously offered to you, you also receive a few awesome weapons such as a machine gun and a shotgun straight from the beginning of the game.  Another thing- when you pick up, for example, handgun bullets, you actually receive a LOT of ammo.  I believe in Resident Evil 2 each of those orange packs of ammo contained about 15 bullets.  In this game, you receive, and I'm honestly not kidding, around 40-50 bullets per pack.  Capcom made running out of ammo something you will NEVER have to worry about.However, in a few ways, the challenge has been increased from Resident Evil 2.  For example, remember how slow the zombies would walk up to you in Resident Evil 2?  You could practically stand next to them and blast away, and not have to worry about taking any hits.  In Nemesis however, zombies are almost RUNNING at you, forcing you to turn around and allow yourself room to shoot.  This is awesome, because you won't know which zombies are slow pokes and which ones are speed runners until you see one on screen.  Oh, and thankfully a quick turnaround button has been included.  Press down on the directional pad + the run button to turn right around.  Very convenient button.This game is also much scarier, not to mention much bloodier, than the previous Resident Evil game.  The last time around, only *sometimes* zombies would break a window and try to attack you (along with crows, dogs and other dangerous enemies).  In Nemesis, not only do windows break all the time, but zombies can pop out of cars, jump down from buildings, and other incredible things.  Many times you will be caught completely off guard when it happens, too.  This is awesome.I love the fact that you actually go back to the police station from the previous Resident Evil game for a short while.  You go back, grab some things, and then head back out to the streets again, where most of the game takes place.  Interesting how the music from the main hall of the police station has remained exactly the same, and it's also interesting when you notice certain places blocked off that were very important to access in the previous game with Claire and Leon as your playable characters.You're probably wondering why the game is called Nemesis.  Well, Nemesis is the name of an enormous, persistent and dangerous maniac that, throughout the game, constantly tries to attack you.  He can either smack you with his arm, or shoot rockets at you.  This doesn't make the game as hard as you probably think, because most of the time you can simply run away from him. However, when he appears, get ready to either fight or run away.  Don't stand around too long.  Decide quickly!I want to set the record straight about something.  People writing reviews for this game will probably tell you that Nemesis chases you around from the beginning to the end of the game.  That's not exactly true.  Yes, it's true he will be a problem for you until the very last level but, you should know that Nemesis does NOT follow you around for the entirety of the game- he just appears *sometimes*, messes with you by following you into rooms and whatnot, and then he disappears for a while.  If you haven't played this game yet, some reviewers will have you convinced that Nemesis will be chasing you around ALL the time -nonstop- and this is NOT true.Probably the biggest challenge comes in the way of puzzle-solving.  Now, think back to Resident Evil 2.  What did you have?  You had three or four puzzles to solve.  And they were EASY!  In Nemesis, let's see, you have 10-12 puzzles to solve, and some of them simply can't be completed unless you're either a really excellent puzzle solver, or you look the answers up on the internet.Yes, I'm talking about that famous, dreaded water puzzle near the end of the game.  Honestly, the best way to successfully finish the darn puzzle is to just look up all the possible solutions on the internet, and then write them down.  I found seven different answers so far.  Don't feel ashamed for having to look up the answers.  This is one of those rare nearly-possible puzzles that you shouldn't feel bad about for not being able to understand it.  Don't get me wrong- once you find out how to do the puzzle, it's easy.  But if you happen to be mostly familiar with Resident Evil 2, and think you can go through the game on your own without a walkthrough, looking up help will probably be the best idea when you finally arrive to this puzzle.  You'll be glad when it's finished!The game has a good storyline too (well, by video game standards anyway) with excellent, action-packed cutscenes located throughout the game.  If you consider yourself an action-type person, you will enjoy some of these cutscenes a LOT.  I guarantee it.  One of them has something to do with a helicopter, and you'll love watching it.Also, Resident Evil 3 includes an infinite amount of ink ribbons to save your progress, and you now also have an option to skip over dialogue conversations and cutscenes by pressing the select button.  You didn't have this in the last game.Overall, I give this game the highest possible score you can give, and that would be 5 stars.  It truly deserves it.  The fact that you have to face about TWICE as many zombies this time around, and the fact that you are basically outside roaming the streets the entire time are major, major highlights for the game.  These streets are deadly.  Pick up this game today, and have fun.
for any resident evil player's out there if you played and resident evil and resident evil 2 for the playstation version then you'll like it.
This game is awesome.  The plot is intriguing, the characters are realistic and it has some references to RE2.  It posesses some of the problems that the other RE games had: The controls still {bite} and the inventory system is pretty difficult to deal with at times (how does a key take up as much space as a shotgun?) but you get used to the controls and you just have to deal with the inventory.  A nifty new edition is the ability to make new and stronger ammo by creating various combinations of gunpowders.  You also become faced with situations where you have to decide what to do and your decision alters the course of the game (and in one case, which ending you see!) which was not seen in the first 2.  You are also stalked by one of the coolest looking monsters ever: the nemesis.  temporarily knocking this beast out can yield rewards that can make your life quite a bit easier, but be warned, it is no easy task.  Make sure that you are at least familiar with the plot of RE1 before you play this (RE2 never really comes up).  very fun and challenging.
So far, I've played 1, 2, and 3, and this is probably my favorite.Gameplay:10/10: This time you are Jill from the original. Lots of areas, like the city, police station, hospital, park, clock tower, it's a big game! You also have a dodge move. And, the stalker zombie, Nemesis, makes the game shine, he's fun to fight. You also sometimes make choices on events! And a new Mercanaries mode adds to the fun.Music:8/10: Your standard horror tunes. Gotta love Nemmy's theme.Sound:9/10: Decent voices this time, and cool sound.Overall, if you are looking for a top notch horror game, you gotta get this!
This game is very ominous and scary. I love the capabilities the characters have, and the scenery is spooky. It was one of the last PSone games, so the graphics are advanced for that platform. You can definately see the improvements between Resident Evil and Resident Evil 3: Nemesis. I love playing this on my PS2, and I'm not even getting the gamecube version of it because it's exactly the same as this version.
This was the third and one of the hardest installement in the series. Esepcially on hard mode. Here are some tips on how to beat this game on hard mode based of a speed run release early this year or late last year. Try to put on infinite help. If seeing how fast you can do this get the shotgun as soon as powerful and use it at close range when neccessary when fighting multiple normal enemies.  When attacked by nemissi run  away as fast as you can since he is programm to eliminate all sureviving mebers of star a millitray defense force created to expose the illegal umbrela corporetations experiment. The main character is injected with a virus but do to a cermun called thew T cell whgich delays the zombie fication program she still has control over here self. Get the shooty gun. At the end of the game you can hurt nemesis and after turning the power of in the final before the city is nuked of the map you have a choice of finishing nemsis of permantely if you have cheats one or can hit him fromn a distance with the shoot guns or the freeze gas and other weapons that you can find or unlock or if you have enough herbs to restore your health before you die. Running more will get you through the game faster and quicker which you want on hard mode if you don't have life super armoor or infinte shotgun shells or something like that. They don't mention nemsis  orgin as clear parts of this game were partly based on the second  movie resident evil reserection. Nemesis does not turn on the scientist that experiment on him at the last minute allow Jill a few second head start before the helicopter is shoot down and explodes in the movie but she survives. If you ernjoy this try the super hard resiodent evil four or the diono cris games.
This game is extream fun and entertainment, let alone being an awesome game itself.  I felt once again like I was taking part in an adrenaline pumping movie once again, only this time, with more killing than ever before.  To write this review, I will split the game into three sections: what was good, what was bad, and what made me really love this game.Now I will list the goodies.  Well, to start off, just look at it; if you notice, the graphics are crisp and insanely detailed.  If that weren't good enough, the cinematics are also incredibly intense and clear, and they tell the story rather well.  What's good about the cinematics however is that they are very well directed and carry the mood perfectly.  The mood of this game is magnificant, it's like a blend of fear, anger and depression all at once.  The music supports these emotions, which is esspecially good when they focus on a single emotion.  Also, the sound is great, another advancement over the sounds of the previous entry.  I loved the voice acting and the new clicking sounds to the guns, as opposed to the old popping sounds of gunplay.  The gameplay is almost perfect as now you can auto-aim at the zombies, but not make it super-fake looking like it was in the original.The plot though, like RE2, is the backbone of the game.  The characters in this game are well done and all play roles in the story.  The story constantly increases the intensity as you are pitched up against bigger and badder dudes, esspecially Nemesis.  The opening was awesome, and this game has one of the most emotional endings I have seen for the PSX (not quite Final Fantasy level).However, there are setbacks to this awesome game, as I will now mention.  I will have to state that the storyline wasn't as gripping as in RE2, nor as complicated with multiple scenarios.  The cinematics, while the finest I have ever seen, are very short in length, so their overall effect isn't as high as I could have hoped.  Also, after beating the game so many times, this game is now to me very easy for I know Nemesis' weaknesses, and can easily exploit them (email me for free tips).  Also, the music isn't for the most part as good or scary or sad as in RE2.  However, some of the tunes at the very end are absolutely astounding and alone are worth purchasing the soundtrack (well, I did just for those three tracks).Now, I will tell you my favorite aspect of this game, my reason for giving it a five star rating without any hesitation.  The reason is that it satisfies my male cravings to kill and win.  Nemesis follows you around so much that instead of getting annoyed, you get ....  He constantly lowers your overall ammo amount and forces you to use up healing items.  As you fight him, you lust nothing more than to give Nemesis as much pain as you can give to him; you want him to die a horrible death.  In all the times you fight him, he passes out when you win, and that's the end.  Then, the second to last time you fight him, you can use acid faucets to melt parts of him away.  You can take off his arms, and even his head.  And the last time you fight him, you set up the puzzle, and while you wait, you can unleash whatever firepower you want on him; there's no passing out and allowing your escape, the last battle is a battle of REVENGE!  I loved that, and I think any player who likes thrilling and fun games would love this game too.
This one is set during the time when Claire and Leon are surviving the night in Raccoon City, now Jill Valentine resigns from S.T.A.R.S. and has to survive the city to try to escape but there are dangers waiting for her while she tries to escape such as Zombies, mutants and a brand new foe called " Nemesis", she joins up with a renegade and his crew on trying to survive her latest nightmare.Most excellent third entry using tons of action you can control, puzzles to solve, and ways to survive. This is also very scary, not for those who are light sleepers but a must play.
I did have this game before and since I couldn't get through a certain maze I sold it along with other games to get the new PS 2 at the time in which was only the box version. I wish I never did sell it because now one you play Resident Evil 1 & 2. Your almost prompted to play the rest of the games of this series.
Let me just say that I have been a big fan of the series since the first one arrived on the playstation and this one does not disappoint. The game play is one of the most important parts in any game and this one is no exception and excels from the previous releases and adds new improvements to keep the game play from getting repetitive. The storyline is pretty good too but is mainly to expand the story of the events of resident evil 2, though there is a side story so to speak of jill trying to escape the current situation that she is in which is also a welcome edition. The graphics are some of the best seen on the playstation and the best out of any of the four resident evil game releases on the ps1, the sound is also good too. This is the first re game that never made it to the playstation greatest hits lineup, but don't let that fool you because it is still a great game and a worthy edition to the series. I have only one minor complaint though, the game is a little shorter than re2 in which I would have enjoyed the game more if it was longer, even though it is short it is also sweet. For anyone who cant understand or is confused with the storyline Ill explain: The commandos(one of many groups of rescue teams sent by umbrella) were there officially to rescue survivors, unofficially though the leader was there to keep umbrella up to date of the current situation in raccoon city and collect battle data specifically from the nemesis fighting the remaining s.t.a.r.s members. Nemesis was basically an improved version of the tyrant type 2 that was in resident evil 2 in which the first tyrant originated from resident evil 1, at this point in the game umbrella knew the current situation that was occurring in raccoon city via the leader of the commandos so the only option to cover up the incident in order to remain in business was to kill the remaining s.t.a.r.s members who held the only evidence linking this outbreak to umbrella, so they sent nemesis(an improved version of the tyrant and/or tyrant type 3) to assassinate the remaining st.a.r.s members thus destroying any evidence linking umbrella to the incident happening in raccoon city. Unbeknown to umbrella chris had already escaped before the outbreak occurred(as explained in re 2 when claire was surprised to not find chris in raccoon city, so if chris had any chance to take down umbrella he would have to not tell anyone when, where, or what he was going to do at that time). Eventually all of the main s.t.a.r.s members(barry, chris, jill) that escaped the mansion incident escaped raccoon city before it was destroyed. Eventually the remaining s.t.a.r.s members exposed umbrella putting them out of business, though people like wesker still exist to continue the work of umbrella for his own nefarious purpose. I am not really impressed with re 4 or from what I have played of re5 so far because they are just not as good as the re series used to be, this game on the other hand is a testament to the fact that you can still make vast improvements in the re series without sacrificing what made the re series so great in the first place. Sadly though I hardly recognize the re series today, it just went downhill since re4 was released because changes that were made negatively affected more than benefited the series imo. I just hope that capcom wakes up and brings the old school style resident evil flavor with improvements like re2, re3, and re:cvx did for the series in the future for the series.
what is this monster who runs faster than zombies and carries some times rocket like weapon and say stars all the time it is nemesis a powerful mutant now jill is back and you will meet new peoples such as carlos. the nicole is the bad guy if you want to kill him than in dead factory in the begin you will two live section like.1=push him off.2=jump off.if want wish nicole die than select push him off because nemesis will kill him.so horror game in the series of resident evil.including new hidous mutants a mr.touhg guy nemesis.matt the new movie of resident evil is the nemesis which is after stars members. he is not after jill he is after us because we are take control of jill. more horror than resident evil2 but no speaical features. but dont turn your volume off because will say stars and you will konw that he is after you.
I bought this game 2 weeks after it came out,and was I impressed,the game had great features like bringing Jill Valentine back the RE games.This had good monsters like the zombies,dogs,likers and Nemisis.The only thing I did not like was how Nemisis kept stalking you 24 seven but other than that this was a very good game.
This game is if im right the last Jill Valentine Adventure which makes me mad but this game is excellent. Ive beaten it 17 times and still like it. You get to kill infected zombies use cool weapons and lots of other neat junk. And when you beat the game you get a game called Mercenaries. And you get a key for new dresses. The Goal in the game is to kill Nemeses who is a guenie pig infected with the G-Virus not T. The T virus is the one that makes people zombies. You will team up with 3 of Umbrellas BioHazard Forces Mercenaries and kill everything and risk everything to escape Raccoon City. But on the way, one of your umbrella buddies admits he is a supervisor and trys to escape alone betraying you and your friends. But he dies and so does someone else. This game is so much fun but you have to find everything on your own you cant just goto a shop and ask for ammo cause everyone workin there are zombies. Youll love this game i just know yall will.
This game kept me on the edge of my seat for days.  I highly recommend.  Gameplay is awesome, graphics are perfect and the bonus game at the end of the main game is worth playing through the whole thing more than once.
first let me get something off here. resident evil 2 was the best but that doesnt mean to not get this one too because this is an incredible game very fun lasts long enough to keep you entertained from begining to end . and then when you beat it you will unlock the mercenarieswhere you can unlock unlimited ammo for your guns and i think you can unlock infinite health too. making the game like a movie invinsible characters and they will never run out of ammo. the reason this game is not as good as resident evil 2 is that it doesnt have enough bosses or big enemies even though you do fight nemesis a lot and always wondor will he stay dead this time or do i gotta kill him again. its still better to have more bosses.
Resident evil is one of the longest run PlayStation titles out there. It is really a shame that Gamecube is the exclusive RE platform now, because Playstation always did it best. Since th very birth of PS, there has been resident evil, and RE 3 does not dissapoint. RE 3 puts a great new spin on the series, through the arch super villan nemesis. Nemesis (as you can see from the box art) is a menacing tyrant, much like the tyrants in RE 2 out for the lead character Jill's blood. The great part about this game is the difficulty setting. While they really make no difference, it can give the new gamers to this title a bit more edge, since this is one of the harder RE titles.The thing that makes this game so adicttive to survival horror junkies like myself is the claustrophobic action, Throughout the game you have the idea in the back of your head that nemesis could be, and usually is, behind every corner. For some this good, for some this is bad. Some people enjoy walking through the city for hours and not having to worry about running themselves out of herbs and ammo every ten minutes. However, for most others it adds a great suspensful feeling to the game, and makes you feel more and more like your action do matter a great deal.As for the controls, no one will like them at first. It is sort of an acquired taste that most survival horror games have when ti comes to controls. Since all the camera angles are stationary (it makes the game look better so don't complain) this game utilizes the up arrow as always being forward. Some people seem to understand it better if you explain as being an RC car, whether face south, north, east or west, up wil always drive you forward. There realyl is no way around this configuration, it really is best to dive right in and get used to it, even if it means being massacred five minutes in a bunch of times.In conclusion, I would not pick this RE in particular for anyone new to the series. With the inclusion of nemesis, you are required to make split second decisions, and it will often confuse,a nd ultimately lead to the death of more novice players. If you are new to the series, try RE 2, RE 1 has a few problems present for newer players, but RE 2 is the perfect balance of horror, and simplicity. If your a veteran to RE, look no further for fun, just don't expect it to be a cake walk!
When I got Resident Evil 3, I couldn't wait to play it!  First of all, it has the beautiful, talented, and smart Jill Valentine.  She is a fighter all the way, she doesn't need no man to protect her, and this game proves it!  It starts out with Jill trying to escape from the zombie-infested Raccoon City.  She finds Brad Vickers, another from the first Resident Evil.  He tell her that &quot;he&quot; is coming for STARS members, which got me interested.Later something happens to Brad, which I won't ruin for those who haven't played it yet, but when I saw &quot;him&quot; I was scared knowing he was after me.  The best part is that he chases you through the whole game, popping up when you least expect it.Jill meets up with Carlos, who is completly pointless, except for a little part you have to control him.  Other than that Jill is the superb heroine!  Proving women can defend themselves without men.  I would recommend buying this game and loving every suspenseful moment.  Play it in the dark!
Resident Evil 3 was a well done game, great detail, along with a good story add puzzles and zombies and a huge hard to stop monster "Nemesis" Scary Tone and music and you have one hell of a game.  A worthy addition to add to your collection of games. Recommende to fans  of Resident Evil.
If you envy Resident Evil: Code Veronica envy? Don't worry about it, although the Dreamcast has Resident Evil: Code Veronica with it's flashy graphics and all, the game isn't due for quite some time I think. Although the PSX may not have DC's graphical capabilities they are still not bad, considering the DC is 128 bit, and the PS is only 32 bit. RE3 has some of the best looking graphics the PSX has ever rendered. The FMVs are perfectly compressed and they look better than those found in Final Fantasy 8. The game still uses pre-rendered backgrounds like all the other Resident Evils as if it was a ritual. The character detail is fantastically smooth and the main character Jill is very nicely detailed. She is complete with some of the finest looking skin touch ups any RE game has had. As for the frame rate, it always stays perfect and doesn't drop at all.Although some people might say &quot;been there shot that&quot; to RE3, they should still play it due to the new challenging puzzles the game has to offer. The weirdest thing in the game is that it's more of a prequel than a sequel. The game takes place 24 hours before the 2nd Resident Evil. It starts out with zombies attacking RPD members and ends up with all of the RPD officers dead, while there are still tons of zombies on the loose. You will eventually meet up with Barry from the first RE too. Now for those of you who find the Resident Evil series a little too hard, you'll be happy to know that when starting Resident Evil 3 and picking easy mode, you start out with an unlimited number of Ink Ribbons, and a hefty amount of ammo. You just have to get in the office room at the very beginning of the game. You will also come across some very familiar places in RE 3. Like the RPD conference room in RE2, and the RPD station it's self. Believe me this is by far one of the finest moments of the PSX, and is the best Resident Evil game ever (even better than Code Veronica for the DC). The game also features tons of dialogue, which most of takes place during an FMV sequence. Your main goal is to stop Nemesis who is basically the granddaddy of all the Zombies.The game has admirable voice acting to make the gaming experience feel better. It's voice acting is usually done correctly being very precise and on time so don't expect voice acting timing like in Silent Hill. You'll experience some great sounding explosions, and the gun shots sound unbelievably real. If you turn up the volume and play with the volume set on very high, when a zombie pops out you will probably need a diaper change, but you will get retribution by blasting his head of and hearing the clarity of sound effects.Those of you who have played the first 2 games (Director's Cut excluded) will already be very familiar with the controls. But those of you (all three of you) who haven't, will have a little difficulty with adjusting to the controls. Me on the other hand, I'm a huge fan of the series and I know the basic layout. But don't worry about it, you'll have time to practice your controls in the beginning.Wrapping up this review I can say that Resident Evil 3 is not only the best of the series but it is also one of the best PSX titles out there today along with the top quality titles like Final Fantasy 8, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater and Syphon Filter.9.3 / 10.
this game is very fun, plays quickly and offer a lot new features, wish it was longer though but the game is a little more difficult than the previous resident evils but still fun.
Well Well Well Here it goesThis game has a just amount of creepy and Scary cutscenes but still i lowered the volume and but the hell outta this game.It gives ya a fright and takes u to the Zombie Kick Ass Game NOt the number 1 resident evil game (2s better) But it sure worth it to give you a fright.
UNLIKE MANY OTHER CRITICAL GAMERS , I FOUND THIS TO BE ONE OF THE BETTER ''RESIDENT EVIL '' GAMES ! DON'T GET ME WRONG - THE FIRST TWO ARE VERY GOOD , BUT THIS BLOWS THEM AWAY ! YOU GET WAY COOLER WEAPONS , YOU CAN MIX YOUR GUNPOWDER AMMO , AND FIGHT TONS OF AWESOME MONSTERS ! NOT TO MENTION '' NEMESIS '' ON YOUR TAIL ALL THROUGH THE GAME AS WELL .. EVEN THOUGH IT MAY SEEM A SHORTER GAME , AND NOT AN ACTUAL SEQUEL TO THE SECOND ONE ; IT STILL HAS ALL THE ELEMENTS YOU EXPECT FROM A '' RESIDENT EVIL '' GAME ..SO TURN OUT THE LIGHTS , TURN UP THE SOUND , AND PREPARE TO BE SCARED TO SHEER ENJOYMENT . AND A CLOSING WORD TO THE WISE , STEER CLEAR OF '' SURVIVOR '' !! IT IS HORRIBLE AND NOT WORTH THE MONEY ONE BIT ..AND PICK UP  ''CODE VERONICA '' AS WELL . ANOTHER CLASSIC ONE IN THE SERIES ...
I got this game when it came out wich was around 1999 and 2000boy did this get me scared.  Jill returns in the game to escape a hellish nightmare that was once raccon city.  The game has a lot of twist and turns so it will keep you on the edge of your seat.  I was up till 2am and still wanted to play.  I managed to get it finished and over with in 3 days.  The puzzle solvingwas a bit tough near the end.  Nemisis was by far the best re creature ever made.  Just the way of his figure and look made me love this game.  The game is overall fun and a little chalenginga bit.  Jill will need to kill solve and trust her way into escaping raccon city.  I baught the game also on gamecube wich had no difference with this versian except that gc had a tad bit sharper graphics but that was because it was an import form the dreamcast versian so theres really no versian.  I recommend any versian for this game cause there all good and theres nodifference.  The cgI of the game was also the highest point of the game.So go out and get the game.  Its the best in the series.I also recommend the remake for gamecube and zero. AND 2 of course.
The hardest puzzle of all (NOOOO!!!).You need to line up wave lengths A, B, and C so that when they pile up on topof each other, they cause the result to look just like the sample.[These from Jesse Main (slipknot_957@hotmail.com)]There's 4 possible solutions:1. A - 4 right. B - 2 right.  C - 2 left.2. A-  1 right. B - 1 right.  C - 2 left.3. A - 1 left.  B - 2 left.  C - 2 right.4. A - 1 right. B - 3 right.  C - 4 left.Even with the solutions, it still might take a little bit to do this. Irecommend writing down what you do, then if it doesn't work, do it backwards toreturn it to its original position. Then, try another solution.This is for the Water Purification Puzzle towards the very end of the game. (If you tried something diffrent and got it, please email me tstrong2999@aol.com).
wow what a game I got this game and I tell you this is a great game from up to up it doseit matter this a great game buy it i loved it dont buy the 1st one buy 2 and 3 thats all!
Dino Crisis was released way back in 1999 on the playstation. It was directed by the same director of the original Resident Evil. (and producer of the next 2)It came out at the peak of survival horror popularity but was more than just a clone of Resident Evil. Obviously if you're searching for this game 10 years later you must know something about it and the genre. This is probably a must buy if you like these types of games. I would say get Resident Evil 1,2,3 and Silent Hill first, however.Dino Crisis featured full 3D background, not prerendered ones like Resident Evil. It was much more advanced. You have a limited inventory but have different types of healing items and ammunition for each gun.And of course no zombies here...oh no, Dinos! Much faster than those old creepy zombies. The game environments were excellent and the music really added to the atmosphere. It's definitely in the "style" of a late 90s Resident Evil game, which is a good thing.Some came with a Resident Evil 3 Demo, which was cool, and Resident Evil 3 of course came with a Dino Crisis Demo. Pick this one up!
An awsome game!  The graphics are amazing, and what I found most impressive about this wonderful survival horror game is the fact that even the gameplay itself is like watching a movie.  Just seeing Regina walk down a darkened cellar as things that tear and claw human flesh are active about, is an impressive cinamatic event and almost an FMW sequence within itself.  The gameplay is fun, but at times a little frustrating, but almost every game is a little frustrating.  A lot of gore, and although I'm not into gore too much, I still thought that this game was an awsome event, and it's something that you don't wanna miss out on.  It's games like dino crisis which show off the wonderful and moneys worth of a playstation one, even if the system is considered a little outdated, which I don't think is true at all, since I believe that Playstation is still worth playing.  Get the game, it is so incredibly fun that it is unbelievable.
remember playing this as a kid.
If ya likie dinosaurs, you will like this game. If you enjoy survivor horror games this is a good one to play.Keeps you going and the story line is good.
Steven Spielberg proved that Dinosaurs could be menacing and terrorizing and this game only adds to it. This game is similar to Resident Evil (also from Capcom), but more dangerous, because the dinosaurs actually run and jump over things to eat you, unlike sluggish zombies. Rather than stalking screen to screen like with Resident Evil, you can now run through a room and the camera will follow you, making for great chases (Dinosaurs chasing you), but unfortunately this leaves the player at a great disadvantage, because the camera is focused on the player, not the room, so Dinosaurs constantly get the edge lunging onto the screen. A huge plus to the game is the production, because hard work went into making this game and story excellent. The cinematic scenes to start with are of a higher quality and are very detailed, from breezing hair, brushing plant life to seeing the scales on a dinosaur. The dialog is not cheesy or over acted as in other survival horror games. There are nice visual details which no screen shot can show, such as the lighting effects are realistic, a light sources (computer screens, ceiling lights) illuminate on whatever the source hits. An unfortunate detail of this game is that whether you are bitten, clawed or pounced on, you can actually bleed to death without proper medical supplies. Another downfall of the game is that the item screen is not as neat and tidy as Resident Evil's screen. This new system is rather difficult to use. Finally, with the start screen there is no cinematic introduction that will tip anything in the game to the player.
The graphics are well done.  The game play is pretty easy.  The mix of shoot em' up and thinking man puzzle play is great.  It took me awhile to get through the first 1/2 hour without getting my butt whooped, but once I  got the hang of everything it became very enjoyable.They weren't joking  about the realistic violence and gore.  Watch out if you're at all  squeamish.  It also has a couple of different endings depending on how you  play the game, so it has a lasting appeal to it.I recommend.
dino crisis is a great horror game and its alot like resident evilstory 10/10the story is good but not as good as reident evil i dont like spoiling the story so you will have to buy the game and see it for your selfgameplay 10/10the gameplay is great not as scary as resident evil but still pretty damm scary the game engine is just like reident evil the game is basicly resident evil with dinasoursgraphics 10/10for a ps1 game the graphics are amazing everything is so detailed and real looking great graphicssound 10/10great sound and voice actingcontrolls 8/10the controlls are hard at first but once you get the hang of them its a breezeoverall a great game what are you waiting for go and buy it already.
it would be unfair to pass this game by as another resident evil rip off because, although the basic premise is the same it is actually a very different game in every respect. And with the exception of 2,  dino crisis easily excels any of the resident back catalogue.The graphics are very good and use a different technique than RE allowing for much more user interaction. In RE the graphics are made up of pre-rendered backgrounds but DC uses polygonal characters and backgrounds to better effect and look very much like the areas they are trying to convey. This style of graphics works better than in RE and heightens the tension very well.The gameplay is more innovative than in the RE games with more puzzles and less emphasis placed on action. DC's weapons are reasonably feeble compared to those in RE but this works for the better. Instead of just splattering every enemy you come across you need to think of alternatives as shooting everything will soon either get you killed or make you run out of ammo fast. Throughout the game you have to use security fences to your advantage, running past a raptor when its back is turned, past a sensor and then turn on the fence, much better than just killing the raptor and more satisfying to boot.Enemies are also more intelligent than in RE games, as they would need to be, and will chase you through doors and follow your trail of blood. They are all also more agile than those in RE and so those encounters you cannot avoid are made even more visceral.The use of puzzles through the game is also well done and some are real brainteasers, they are also more inventive than in RE, such as finding the right combination of gases for a poisoned room to gain entry or searching corpses for fingerprints to make a keycard. Much better than RE's simple need key, find key approach.The enemies in the game is where it starts to slip a bit with not too many variations in there but this isnt much of a problem as dino encounters are not all that frequent anyway. The way the dinos are presented to you is good and the ways you are encouraged to beat them is refreshing. such as guiding a pterodactyl into a fan or electrocuting a raptor.The main boss, although it hd to be a T-Rex, is better a good alternative to the tyrants in the RE series and provides a constant menace much like in RE3 and always seems to be breathing down your neck. Even when you think youre safe he bursts through a window or finds some way of spoiling your day.The longevity of the game is pretty much what you expect of a game of this type, a fast play through can take approximately 3 hours but the first time took me about 5 1/2.The game length did surprise me though as at one point i was sure that i had finished the game but i was only half way through.There is significant replay value in the game with three endings and many different costumes to be unlocked and with the game made in such a way you can play through and experience it differently each time.Overall there is not much to gripe about with this game and i really cannot find much fault with it at all. Although the game length is expected with this sort of game it can seem annoying to others for it to be over so fast but with MGS the game is so enjoyable that this isnt a problem. Also hardcore blasters may complain about the puzzle orientated gameplay but if you ask me its far better this way.i'd give it a 95%.
RARELY DOES A GAME COME ALONG THAT HAS  IT ALL!  LOTS OF ACTION, COOL DINOSAURS TO ANNIHILATE, NOT TOO HARD PUZZLES , AND LOTS OF FUN PLAYING IN GENERAL..AND A VERY GOOD PLAYSTATION TITLE TO BOOT!!I LOVED PLAYING THIS GAME A LOT , AND EQUALLY LOVED '' DINO CRISIS 2 '' AS WELL! LET'S HOPE THEY PUT OUT ANOTHER TITLE FOR PS 2 IN THE FUTURE .AND THAT IS AS GOOD IN ACTION AS THIS ONE , AND LOTS OF COOL DINOS LIKE THE SECOND ONE.THAT WAS THE ONLY FLAW WITH THIS GAME , NOT A GREAT AMOUNT OF DINOSAURS TO WIPE OUT .BUT THE ONES THEY HAD WERE COOL TO FIGHT .. TREX IS COOL , BUT I'M AGREEING WITH MY WIFE -'' RAPTORS '' RULE!!SO IF YOU ARE BORED , NEW TO PLAYSTATION , OR WANT A NEW RARE COOL OLD GAME TO PLAY.THEN LOOK NO FURTHER..GET IT TODAY!!!BUT I SUGGEST YOU GET THE GUIDE , AS IT IS A BIG HELP IN DIFFICULT AREAS ..PLAY ON- AND PLAY PLAYSTATION!!
Capcom did an excellant job on this game. besides your gay comrade Rick who is completly useless. (and gay, no really i think he is gay) mainly because of his cheesy jokes and his weird apperance. oh and then theres Gail who strangely resembles Nicholai from RE3. which is also a good game. but any how onto Dino Crisis, the game has an excellant plot and a very hot protagonist named Regina. (where would Capcom be without a hot Girl) the voice acting is very good compared to Resident evil 1 (Jill Sandwhich) And survivor (the phone hang up) the charcters were dedecated to their voice acting. (surprise!) usually capcom screwd that up. the controls were easy to navigate and to remember also they were responsive. the gaphics were great for a PS1 game. the velociraptors had decent AI for the time all except the random red forcefields that some of them were trapped behind. They run into it. which is hilarious to watch. you'll see what i mean if you play it. the puzzles are not to hard unlike RE3 Water treatment puzzle. God help if u dont know the motive to the puzzle. the puzzles in DC are easy to figure out. and are not frustrating. all three weapons were useful in their own way. for example when fighting the T Rex. lord help you if u dont have any grenade rounds. after that you are pretty screwd. the camara angles weren't all that bad. the auto lock on is required. dont ask it just is. Over all a great game. a must buy for capcom fans. Hint steer clear of DC3. DC2 is also very good. happy dino hunting.
I have a PS2 now, but this wuz my 1st PS1 game along with Crash Warped (5 stars), Buzz Lightyear (1 star), and that's all I remember. But even with the PS2, this game never ends and never gets boring (except the outer space levels and I recommend it even though it's for PS1, especially at the cheap price it's sellin' fo'.
The yellow dot that eats lots of other, smaller dots debuts in his first 3D platforming adventure. The controls are nice and friendly, the visuals are pretty, and the gameplay is more than just a bunch of jumping and bopping enemies. The original Pac-man arcade game is included as well for posterity's sake. Original ideas and interesting uses of classic material from Pac's past are integrated in a nearly perfect meld of old and new in this title, which went on to inspire a Mario-esque series and spinoffs that lasted to the end of the following console generation. Great for the whole family. Runs on Playstation 1-3.
This product is excellent and works very well, i recommended to buy it and have fun with it. Its very good.
Being a 90s kid, this was a must-have for me and I LOVED this game.  Unfortunately, I lost the disc several years ago and have been without it since, until recently when I purchased a copy from Amazon.  This is undoubtedly the best game I have ever seen, especially for PS1, since most of those games are quick and easy.  Quite the opposite with this game.  I've only gotten halfway through it because the bosses are SO hard.  Try playing Anubis Rex and/or Space Galaxian and you'll see what I'm talking about.  This game may have been released for other game systems, but none retains the quality and feel that the PS1 version does.  (By the way, if you buy this game, Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness is the perfect complement to this one.  It is also quite complex for a PS1 game.)  Yes, there still are new Pac-Man video games being produced all the time (recently, Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures), but none have the feel of this one.
This is the most fun game that I have ever played for the playstation. It has so many grets features, which I will explain.Examples of animations and corresponding sounds:-Cannons(pirate Levels)-Lava (ruins levels)-Lazers (space levels)-Spinning discs, mirrors (funhouse levels)-Falling objects (factory levels)-Floating coffins (ghost levels)Of course there are others that are in every level, like enemies and ghosts. This game is filled with excellent graphics too. They are excellent for the age of the game, and are very diverse. I love the variety of the levels too. None of them are boring or anything like that. All just excellent. There are enemies at the end of the group of each level. Some are easy, some are very very hard. King Galaxian and Anubis Rex are some hard levels. But they are possible to beat, just keep trying. Nothing is wrong with a challenge. The background music chosen is great as well, very suitable for the level. The sound effects are great. There are so many of them. I highly recommend this game, I've been playing for years and still enjoy it. Even in this day and age it is a good idea to buy it.
Pac-Man World is a great game for Playstation and Playstation 2 owners.  You get 3 modes of play including the original Pac-man game, as well as a 3-D adventure mode, and a 3-D over the top Dot munching game.  All 3 are very fun to play, which makes this game a very good value.Recommended for those looking for a cheap, fun game, for their PSone or PS2.
Many, many 80's icons of video gaming have tried to make the leap to 3D platformers. Most have failed. Though credit is due to Frogger, who keeps on trying. Keep it up, buddy, you'll get there yet. But outside of the Mario franchise, few pixelated critters have the staying power to stay relavant in todays gaming world. Anyone else waiting for Super Q bert Land?One of the limited exceptions to this rule has been Pac-Man. The worlds first video game character (not counting faceless space ships and tanks), he beat Mario to the sidescroller in Pac-Land, and stared in two adventure games of his own in the SNES days, Pac-Man 2 the New Adventures and Pac in Time. So when the gaming world went 3D in the late 1990's/early 2000's he was primed and ready to make the switch as well.The great thing about the first Pac-Man World is that the developers were able to mix new style game play in with classic elements to create a game that new players and seasoned pros alike could enjoy. The multiple new mazes playable feel like a blast from the past, while the platforming levels that make up the bulk of the game explored what was then new ground in a consistantly entertaining way.  The game established moves for Pac-Man that would carry over into two enjoyable sequels and featured plenty of old favorites like pac-dots, fruit, and those pesky ghosts in new and exciting settings. It also established Pinky as female, before all ghosts were assumed to be guys. (Except for Sue, of course.)Now, if you're only familiar with modern kid-friendly games you might be surprised by the difficulty of this game. Some of the bosses are maddingly hard to defeat, and the amusement park level will make you want to renounce power pellets and stick to zombie hunting. But if you enjoy a challange this can actually be a plus. If not, the Gameboy Advance version plays surprisingly well and doesn't have most of the boss levels.While not my favorite of the &#34;World&#34; trilogy, this was a great continuation of a classic series. Here's hoping that future Pac-games will recapture the magic of this entry.
I've reviewed the later-released Game Boy Advance version of this game a while back, but this is THE real deal. I may have recommended the other version, but this original is infinitely better, making the other one look like crap. My Playstation library certainly isn't big, but I know for a fact that you need this game!First off, the presentation is top-notch. You are treated to a couple 3D-animated FMV cutscenes. And then, BAM! As soon as the level begins, you wander at the amazingly colorful graphics, catchy lighthearted music, and as you start playing, the gameplay will get you hooked.The gameplay is somewhat basic. You can run, jump, Rev Roll (Like Sonic 2's spin dash move), and throw the Pac-Dots you eat to create small explosions. Fortunately, it actually makes for a very fun time, especially as you progress through the levels. There are lots of tweaks in each level, filling things up with neat detail and differentiation. It could be a little hard to judge distance for where you would land after jumping, but you'll get used to it quickly.The bosses are surprisingly VERY HARD! Unless you go onto YouTube or something to see how people beat the bosses, chances are, you'll be wasting a good amount of lives. But let me tell you this: King Galaxian is THE BEST BOSS LEVEL EVER! It changes the whole gameplay, letting you control a spaceship instead (a la Galaxian and Galaga) and shoot rows of alien ships! And then comes the boss itself, which still throws bad guys at ya, but also tries to suck your ship toward it (Galaga). Throughout all that, the music and even just the concept of the level makes up for what may possibly be a little frustrating boss fight.Overall, this is a true must-have. It's a game with some of the best music, graphics, and gameplay all around that a Pac-Man game could ever offer.
This game is awesome and is one of the best horror games ever made .It takes a while to get in to,but once you do,you will love playing this game.It is a really long game 70 to 80 hours with very complex levels and has a great mature story line.The voice acting and story is one of the best i seen in a video game.The graphics are really good and is the one of the best looking version out of the PS1,DC,PC version.The music and sound effects are really good and will scare the hell out of you.It is one of the most mature game you will ever play and no one under 17 should play this game.
its rather sad with all the advances in video games, i rebought a n64, got this game again, and realized that since my younger years its still by far my fav. game. the story is just amazing, the gameplay is great for it being n64. nowadays the campaigns are so damn boring i draw most of my attention to online multiplayer gaming. This game deserves more than five stars, brutal, twisted story. speak of games they should make a remake out of for a superior system.
This game ranks pretty high with all my other games I have and I have a lot.
This game is full of surprises. It was probaly creepy for its time, but its not as scary to me. The game is about a man named Michael Leroi, also known as Shadow Man, who is on a search for dark souls and other items that will help him put a stop to Legion's wishes. There are two worlds Liveside: The Real World Deadside: Kind of like an Underworld. The music is very good. It feels right for the game. There's a song in a place called London in the sewers, where one of the bosses you get to fight is Jack the Ripper, and the piano music it plays later on the level is very familiar. You will know when you make it that far. The sound is very loud, and it can be heard from all kinds of creatures, especially the ones that may sneak up behind you. Shooting in the game is fun especially when the player can choose the hand a single weapon can be in, or they can just go dual-wielded. Further into the games many items, and relics and can be found to help you progress through the game even more. It will take a long time, and changes will occur in areas you been to before. Example: Louisiana is bright until you find the item that lets you bring the power of the shadows to the real world which will instantly make it night. Many unlockable characters can be found through the levels. You have to unlock them from doing a certain act, which a message would appears "cheat unlocked", and it goes into a list called the Book of Shadows/Secrets. It's a good story, and the levels are fun, but finding certain items can be complicated. This game is very time consuming. About over 70 hours of gameplay. I beat in about two weeks, and found everything. It was worth the time. There are great memorable moments to be had here. Great music, story, secrets, levels, and bosses to keep you busy.
I played this when I was 20, recently acquired a N64 and wanted this game, I had a N64 emulator for my PC but using the keyboard to control it was terrible. Now I can play on my N64.
I have played this many times for the N64 and recently picked up a PSOne. This game is still a very good game but I suggest the playstation version. I just bought the playstation version today and the graphics are a little better and the music/sound effects are much better. Now for the N64 version:I have to say, this game is quite gorey but hey, that's what I like. This is sort of a action/horror/RPG game. It has very complex puzzles and it really works your mind. When I rented this the first time and had no clue what the hell was lurking behind me or around the corner, I was scared as hell! I played it at 10:15 at night, of course so I was prone to be scared. Wouldn't you be scared. I just got to the part with the skinless creature with the razor sharp tounge. Luckly I defeated him with the shotgun. He wasn't all that hard, but I got scared and I'll tell you why:I was walking up to the door and out of the corner of my eye, I saw this red thing walking outside past the window. I heard this noise and I said, &quot;Oh my god I am going to die.&quot;Seriously, that was a pretty scary moment. Anyway, the graphics are exceptional for the N64 but playstation are better. The music/sound effects are better on the playstation but are acceptable on the N64. There are two people you can pick and two difficulty settings. Pretty nifty. There is a violence setting where you can have it high, medium or low. Kids under 10, I suggest low. High is pretty bad when you die. Medium is average.Worth your money but I suggest getting the playstation version of it.
The &quot;Resident Evil&quot; series has always been bloody. I've played through each game so many times it just isn't funny anymore. And this is  the bloodiest one so far. And maybe the scariest too. Taking place not too  long after the first &quot;Resident Evil&quot;, the story this time takes  place in Raccoon City itself. An outbreak virus has spreaded to the town  (and, as you'll quickly learn, it's people as well) and everything has gone  wrong. Recruited by the now infamous R.P.D., Leon S. Kennedy arrives to  start his new job. But the rookie cop isn't alone, as tomboy Claire  Redfield rolls into town seeking her lost brother Chris (from the first  game). The two of you have to find a way out of the most dangerous town in  the world. Just like all the &quot;Resident Evil&quot; games, you have your  sidekicks too. Leon was always my favorite male main character throughout  the series, and his sidekick is my favorite of the sub-characters; her name  is Ada Wong (whom you may remember from the first game as a code). Claire  is my least favorite of the female main characters (Jill Valentine was my  favorite), and her sidekick, Sherry Birkin is the most useless little girl  in gaming history. &quot;Resident Evil&quot; is a lot like Capcom's other  masterpiece series &quot;Street Fighter&quot;, the second installment  outshines the first one in every way imaginable. You're arsenal now  contains a bow gun (equivalent to the pistol basically), a spark gun  (equivalent to the bow gun), a machine gun (fun to use, but eats ammo a  little too quickly), and a gatling gun (more powerful than the machine gun,  and more funner too). As well as custom parts to your pistol (three bullets  at once), shotgun (packs a wallop, you couldn't miss a roach with this  thing), and magnum (it's almost like an elephant gun, serious damage, only  the gatling gun and rocket launcher are more powerful). Claire has the bow  gun, spark gun, and grenade launcher exclusively; while Leon gets the  flamethrower, shotgun, and magnum to himself. Obviously, Leon has the  better weapons. There are a variety of different looking zombies too,  including the first female one (not that I cared, I blew her head off just  the same). The other new enemies didn't seem all that scary or even  challenging. Mostly annoying, especially that licker. Of course, the bosses  are new and more impressive than the first &quot;Resident Evil&quot;. Other  notable improvements are the graphics, the way the characters react to  being hurt (for example, Leon uses his shotgun as a crutch when enough life  is lost), the amount of zombies on screen, and the scare factor. You can  get four different endings in this game which ensures lots of replay value.  And getting to all four endings has a different path. If you beat the game  with Leon, you can save the game and come back and play it with Claire  which will be a different path than the regular one Claire has, and the  same goes for Claire if you start it with her, Leon's path will be  different. The most notable difference in the second route is the addition  of a new Tyrant that stalks you throughout your journey. He's tough, he's  scary, and he pops up at times you least suspect (you aren't given a large  area to fight him, usually it's a hallway or average sized room). That's  why I believe this was the scariest &quot;Resident Evil&quot;, as  Tyrant-103 never really 'dies' except for, well, I'm not gonna spoil that.  My only problem with the game was the difficulty factor. It was too easy.  And the puzzles were probably done by a four year old (no, really, they're  that bad). 'Puzzles' such as finding a plug that's ten feet away aren't  very challenging. Maybe Capcom decided to take the game in even more of a  B-movie direction than it already had (their lines were always funny,  weren't they?). Nevertheless, this stands as one of the best  action/adventure on the PlayStation, but it's better on the N64. Why? The  graphics were better, the game runs smoother on this platform, and (best of  all) no loading. There's more secrets in this one than any other  &quot;Resident Evil&quot;. Much better costumes (two for Leon, one for  Claire), the super zombie Brad Vickers (the pilot from the first game), the  Colt S.A.A. (basically the same as the normal pistol, but Claire holds it  gunslinger style and reloads VERY fast; you get this with her one costume  while Leon fires his normal pistol with one hand only) and gatling gun, and  let's not forget our poor Umbrella trooper Hunk. Hunk is another character  in the game whom you play as for a side game. You play your own difficult  little quest in which you're trying to escape with the G-virus. Was that  quest too easy for you too? Really? Then try it with Tofu. The funniest  thing I've ever seen in a video game. But also the hardest quest I've ever  tried. I'm a hardcore gamer, but this quest was too difficult even for the  likes of me. All in all, this is probably the best &quot;Resident  Evil&quot; so far.
Im one of the biggest fans of the entire resident evil series:*RESIDENT EVIL*RESIDENT EVIL 2*RESIDENT EVIL 3: NEMESIS*RESIDENT EVIL: SURVIVOR*RESIDENT EVIL: CODE VERONICAI love all of these games and to tell you the truth Resident Evil 2 was my favorite it had the most intresting characters (Claire Redfield & Leon Kennedy) i think and story line was awesome and even better the graphics on the N64!!! so i recommend this game 2 anyone who isnt afraid of bloodshed (ALOT).
I just recently replayed this game for the first time in like 10 years.  I had only played it on the PS1 back in the day.  Gotta say it holds up really well.  The graphics still look nice, the puzzles & action are as fun as ever.  My only complaint it the controls are kinda hard to get used to.  Definitely one of the early 3d games that hadn't figured out how to utilize the joystick well.  It can be irritating at times.  But otherwise, still a great game all these years later.  And the n64 port is nice because there's really no loading at all.  Pick it up if you loved it back in the day, it's still great!
Resident Evil 2After the T-Virus outbreak at the Mansion, Claire Redfield and Leon Kennedy search what used to be Raccoon City for survivors and try to escape the city. This game was a huge improvement over the originalResident Evil. This is my 3rd favorite game of all-time.Graphics- 9/10For it's time, these graphics are extremely crisp. All characters look really good on the N64. The only problem with the graphics is the cut-scenes are grainy due to being compressed so much to fit on the N64. They put a lot of work into making sure the rest of the game looked good though and it does.Story- 10/10Claire Redfield is looking for her brother Chris Redfield. Chris led the S.T.A.R.S. team into the Mansion on the original game. Claire finds herself trapped in Raccoon City with tons of zombies and other strange creatures. Leon Kennedy, a brand new S.T.A.R.S. member, also finds himself deep in the city on his first day on the job. They meet up and go to the Raccoon City Police Department to escape the zombies. Little do they know, the zombies are there as well. They split up and look for survivors and then try to escape the city together. Each character meets interesting people on their way to escaping the city and on the way learns about what happened to the city.Sound- 7/10It can't be perfect; it's an N64 game. Despite the sound of guns and walking being off, everything else works well. The music is creepy and fits the game good. The zombies and other T-Virus infected creatures sound very disturbing, in a good way.Gameplay- 10/10You play as either Leon or Claire. Both of them have interesting stories and different gameplay elements. As Leon you will use Magnums, Shotguns, and Flamethrowers as your character-only weapons. As Claire you will get Bow Guns, a Grenade Launcher, and a Shock Gun. This means you will have to survive using different weapons. If you beat the game as one character, you will earn a B-Scenario that allows you to play the game from the other characters point of view. This creates a total of 4 games all in one. Not to mention the 2 secret scenarios you can earn. This game makes you tense and freak out at moments. The N64 version allows you to change the blood color and change the violence level in the game. There is also a Randomizer mode that changes around all the items in the game to make it that much more difficult.Difficulty- 7/10 (Note- This is how much I like the Difficulty)This game can be really hard in some spots, but generally you are facing mindless zombies. The bosses in the game can be a really intricate challenge if you're not smart about ammo. That's another thing, keeping up with ammo on the harder modes becomes a huge challenge. You want to save ammo for a really hard enemy, but there are tons of zombies.Overall- 10/10This game is extremely fun and tells a great story. You can play through 6 times without it ever being the same game. Also, if you put Randomizer on, you can play through again and again just to challenge yourself. Earning the 2 secret scenarios will keep you busy enough as it is. This game gets a 10!
This vendor is quite something.  They sent me exactly what I asked for, the resident evil 2 N64 port in nearly half of the predicted shipping time, and that was on normal shipping!  This package is just a cartridge though, no original game box or anything.  Aside from a few scratches on the back labels and some dust in the main receptor, it was perfect.  My order couldn't possibly have gone better.
ESTE ES EL JUEGO QUE DEMOSTRO AL MUNDO DE LO QUE EL N64 PUEDE SER CAPAZ.graficas increibles,fmv horror al maximo.
Loved playing this game when I was like 10 or 11. Bought this in college and it's still so good. But when you get older it's so much easier to beat, making it better to play all the story modes.
resident evil 2 is a great game and every resident evil fan has to have this game best horror game on n64.
Resident Evil 2 by itself was an outstanding entry in the survival horror genre. The T-Virus has taken over Raccoon City, and you play as either Claire Redfield or Leon Kennedy in a desperate attempt to make it out alive. The graphics, sound, and intentionally stiff controls make gameplay a tense and often nerve-wracking experience, and the intricate storyline draws you in while throwing zombies and other bizzare mutations at you. Plus, after you finish one game, you can go back and play as the other character and experience events from their perspective. Then do the whole thing in reversed order, for up to four different gameplay experiences. And thats not counting the secret missions and other bonus goodies.Like Capcom did with Street Fighter Alpha 2 for the Super Nintendo, they did the impossible again here and crammed a 2-CD, graphics-heavy game onto a cartridge. Angel Studios did the job, and used massive data compression along with a 512-megabit cartridge to fit everything in. The result is a game pak that is physically heavier than all the other games in your collection. Whats even cooler are the new features, including a high-res graphics option and 5.1 surround. The only thing that takes a hit are the pre-rendered cutscenes, which are pixelated from compression. But its a small price considering no one expected the game to fit at all.Great for the novelty value, great for the gameplay experience. Resident Evil 2 must be in your N64 collection.
This game is cool, the gameplay is cool, and everything that people state about games are cool, but, DO NOT, AND I MEAN DO NOT, let children 14 and under play this game. It is extremly violent, extremly bloody, and extremly grose. You do nothing but go around and blow up zombies that devour living human being. Not to mention, this game will give you nightmares. I played the one for playstation and it is exactly the same as this: Violent, bloody, gross, and extreamly scary. I have to admit, when I played this at a friend's house, I got nightmares for three nights.
Back before Capcom made negotiations with Nintendo to release all of the new Resident Evil games(well the main story ones) first on the Gamecube, Nintendo fans missed out on all of the RE games. So it was nice of Capcom to finally allow the N64 to get a piece of the RE series. Although the FMVs aren't as crisp as the PS1's, the overall graphics look better on the N64. As with the other games in the series, RE2 has you picking a character and basically trying to solve puzzles and collecting items while trying to stay alive. Throughout the game, you are constantly being attacked by zombies and other various mutant creatures. Some people say that RE2 is their favorite game in the series and while I would have to say that RE1 is my favorite, RE2 is still a great game. Don't be afraid though of being freaked out by this game, because it is not scary at all. The other games in the series seem a bit more creepy and startling at times while this game seems more about action most of the time. So if your looking for a great game for your old N64 then this is one of the best out there for it.
I am not an expert of arcade games or RPG's, or anything other than Mario or Tomb Raider games, but this game is so fun.  I never played the arcade version(I didn't know one even existed at all, I haven't been inside an arcade in ages), so I am clueless there.  But what I do know is that this game is a standout on N64.  Connect four controllers and have a blast.  The graphics are great(in my opinion of course), and the game is challenging and requires teamwork.  There are 4 players to pick at first(four variations of those), then four more characters can be discovered.  The new characters are pretty neat and add more replay value.  Anyway I think that you should buy this game if you know what is good for...or if you are cheap then rent it.
one of the best games ever, i love this game. tons of different characters and abilities, monsters....AMAZING!
This game has so much replay value! I used to rent this game all the time but never got to buy it as a kid, so I'm glad I bought it now. It came in like perfect condition, too!
Gauntlet was the original &quot;get four people and feed in a ton of quarters&quot; video game when it came out over a decade ago, and the arcade version of Gauntlet: Legends took this a step further with more complex weapons and terrain, and characters that remind me of my old favorite, Golden Axe.  So I was overjoyed when the N64 version of Legends came out, and it's just as playable as the arcade version that's captured far more than $40 of my tokens in the stand-up version.  The graphics aren't perfect, but they are a good rendering of levels, and it play is quick and easy to figure out.  The characters are easy to control at first, although you might find yourself with instructions in your lap for a while to figure out how to move between weapons and magic items.  The real treat is when you get two or more people together to duke it out and move through levels.  It's great to have a game that doesn't use split screens or some other distraction to enable friends to play together.  The music and voices are cool, and there's enough gameplay to keep you busy for a while.  This game doesn't try to push the envelope or take things too far, but it's a great way to get together with people and fight some monsters for a few hours, which is exactly why I like it so much.
Sure Dreamcast has it's place and is now resting in the video Game Graveyard, but this system was good, very good. But the thing is people wouldn't trust Sega, after failing one too many times and being the underdog in the gaming world, so they had a feeling the DC would fail as well. But it's potential was great, it had many great titles such as Soul Caliber, Shenmue, Sonic Adventure & 2, Crazy Taxi, the list is endless, the grpahics are amazing. The system is very loud though, the engine makes alot of noise when loading the disc. They stopped making games for this system so if you are planning to buy it, buy all the games you can fast because they are being taken off the shelves of many stores. The sports line for the DC is fantastic bolstering some of the best sports games ever made, thanks to the 2k series. If your an RPG freak well they have great ones as well like, Skies of Arcadia, Grandia 2,Record of Loddoss War, just so many no matter what you are a fan of. Don't let all the bad comments get into your head, because if you think it's bad, you are going to belive that it's bad. Remember you need a VMU for the DC for the best playing experience, or you won't be able to save games, most game take up 10 or less blocks unless it's a sports game which takes up a huge ammount of space, like 150 blocks! An extra controller would be a good idea as well. This is a great console that just wasn't given a chance. Enjoy!
Dreamcast is by far my favorite. It has very fun games as you'll read in tons of other reviews. None of the newer consoles have met my expectations half as good as the Dreamcast did back in the Christmas of 99'. This is coming from a person who owns 19 consoles including the 360, Wii, Gamecube, PS2, etc. Those consoles have fun games, but coming after the Dreamcast, they are more like novelties to me. If you don't get a Dreamcast, you should at least get the ports of its games such as Sonic Adventure 2, Crazy Taxi, Skies of Arcadia, Shenmue II, House of the Dead 2, and many more. I still buy games for my DC off of here. Most can be found in good condition.
When I first told my friends I thought about getting a Dreamcast they warned me that I should go with something else. But I found sega to be respectable in the past so I figured that I would go with this machine. I was not disappointed one bit and my friends were a little caught off guard I would go against their advice. But I thought that it was a very good machine and Its graphics just blew me away. I liked its play as far as Sonic Adventure, cause I've always liked those types of games. What also drew me to the Dreamcast was the ability to have Arcade games like House of the Dead 2 blasting out of my Television. So I found that the Dreamcast came to the appeal to me.
The Sega Dreamcast is sort of the James Dean of consoles. It had a very exciting launch coupled with great games. It ushered in many advances in the Console scene some that are just coming to light. Many great games where released in it's short life span. Games like Crazy Taxi, Jet Grind Radio, Shenmue, Powerstone 1&2,Phantasy Star Online, Resident Evil Code Veronica, NFL 2k series and a few others. When it launched things where looking good for the Dreamcast and Sega. Gamers where amazed by the graphics and sound, finally we had realistic Sports games. Systems where selling at a brisk place. Sega managed to turnaround some of the naysayers. The Dreamcast had a tough battle even before it launched. Sega's reputation for abandoning their hardware to early took their tolls. Developers and the gaming public where skeptical from the start. Still some 3rd party devolopers took the chance and consumers did as well. After the first year the Sony PS2 loomed on the horizon. Sony overly hyped the PS2 graphics capabilities and promised a gaming experience like no others. Rumors where spread by Sony's marketing department that Sega would abandon its hardware. It encouraged consumers not to buy the Dreamcast but instead wait for the PS2. It was a David and Goliath marketing battle. Add to this the PS2 came with a DVD player(low end no name brand DVD players where around $300). Initially launch PS2 games looked worse than DC games however Sega never really used this to their advantage.Add to this a workaround was found to easily pirate Dreamcast games with no mod chips. The little profit Sega was making from software sales diminished because of this. Disputes and indifference's with Sega America and Sega Japan also contributed to problems. Sega was bleeding money, SOA wanted to continue the fight but SOJ(Sega of Japan) president pulled the plug after a short 18 month period. The innovations Sega tried to usher in the gaming public was just not ready for it at the time. Also the Dreamcast was caught in between generations early on developers didnt utilize the systems full potential. Most games where ports of PS1 and N64 games or games that didnt look much better than PS1 games. Sega relied on Shenmue to rescue the system like Sonic once did for the Genesis. Inevitably Shenmue had a determinable effect Sega pulled its last remaining resources on this game. The initial game cost $47 Million to develop. The game was a game that you either loved or hate. It didnt sell well and in fact put Sega even deeper in the hole. They where many hit games on the DC but they never had that 1 game that made people go out and buy the DC. Meaning there was no game that developed enough of a buzz the DC had its share of great games.  Soul Caliber helped with the initial launch to sell systems. At one point Max Payne was been developed and Halo as well. One can imagine if these games where released it might of helped. Although the developers of Halo deny a Halo build existed for the DC. Hal-Life was supposed to be that killer game unfortunately it was canceled as by then the DC was essentially on it's way out. Although you can find it as it was leaked and the game was essentially 90% completed. I myself think Sega gave up to quick and would of like to see them hang on for another year. But 3rd party support was pulling from the DC scene by the droves. Today like James Dean the Dreamcast is still loved by many loyal fans in fact games are still been released by Indie developers. Most of them dont do it for profit but simply for love and admiration for the Dreamcast. It still is thinking.
We're a 30-something couple who recently bought the Sega Dreamcast for our own gratification. It's a blast, although our constant complaint is that there's not enough games for it. (Of course.) We only want multiplayer games we can play with 2+ people and they are hard to come by, unfortunately. Our favorites so far are Sonic Adventure, Soul Caliber, and PowerStone - which we highly recommend. We wish the controllers were more comfortable... they don't have rubberized buttons and eventually hurt our fingers. Other than that, though, we appreciate the high level of interactivity, the beauty of the graphics, and the simplicity of the interfaces. It's a pretty good bang for your buck.
Hello.  My name is Erica.  And I'm a Dreamcast addict.  *Gasps from the crowd - Donkey Kong stands up, glaring.*I know that I've been loyal to  Nintendo for many years, owning everything from the original Nintendo, to  Super Nintendo, to Color Gameboy, to Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Pocket.  I  remember, in the days of Super Nintendo, a new system coming out.  Sega  Genesis, I believe.  And I spat on it, fearing the competition Sonic the  Hedgehog would give to my friends Mario and Luigi.I've never liked  Sega.  Actually, I never gave it a chance.  But I was growing bored with my  Nintendo 64 games.  My little brother still like them, though, if that  gives you some clue.  Then, for some reason, before I could even think  about what I was doing, I bought the Dreamcast.Wow.Every single  game I've played, I loved.  Each time I finish one, I'm like, &quot;THAT  was the best game I've played in my life!&quot;  Then, I finish the next  one.  And I'm like, &quot;No, THAT was the best game I've played in my  life!&quot;  And so on and so on.I had thought about perhaps saving my  money to buy the Playstation 2.  (Nintendo's next-gen system is just way  too far off.)  But, I started looking at some of the games they had planned  for launch.  None of them look neat.  Each one is either a sports game or  an action game.  None of them pulled me to drool over every screenshot and  eagerly await more news, as I had for many Dreamcast games.  Sony just pops  out games left and right, and they're all mediocre at best.  There are a  few exceptions - I've always enjoyed Tomb Raider, kind of.  But being a  female, I was able to look beyond Lara Croft's impossible body, and I saw  how much gameplay they lacked, and how much monotony they had....whoa, ok.  Back to Dreamcast.In conclusion, I have to say that this system is  definitely a gem.  People are getting nervous now, because when Playstation  2 comes, Dreamcast could just be cast into the same fate as Sega Saturn  was.  Which is really too bad.  But, the one eye-opener that caught my  attention is the fact that the Dreamcast is $100 cheaper then PlayStation  2.  Sure, PS2 can play DVDs, but DVDs don't look too hot if they're played  on an older TV, and to REALLY get some use of them, you have to have a  little satellite that....oh, whatever.  And what's with that shimmery  effect that ALL of PS2's games have been having?  Haha, could they hurry up  and fix that already?Anyways, I said goodbye to Yoshi yesterday.  I  slammed the door in Lara Croft's face.  Then, I shut the windows, locked  the door, and turned my Dreamcast on...
when the system first launched i was a young high school kid delivering pizzas.  i was also a huge sega fan and NEEDED the newest system big time.  it was september 9th 1999i had to drive 15 miles to the nearest Funcoland and waited inline for 4 hours during rain and thunderstorms to grab the sweet new sega system..  due to the fact it was rainingmany people gave up..  i still remember hooking it up the  next morning and skipping school to play the 3 games i bought launch night sonic adventure  house of the dead 2 and soulcaliber.  that was the best day of my young life....  i digress the system was well built and i was rough on it.  i bought 40 or so games for it and i recently was cleaning my home to get ready for my second child and came across a box from my parents house  that had my dreamcast all my games and many accessories.  i gave it to my 4 year daughter and she loves it.  (were a big game family)  if you do buy a dreamcast they are built well so dont worry to much.  in terms of memory the controller has a slot for a memory card called a VMU those come in several colors and are kinda cool..  also when buying on amazon check to make sure all the cables are included and the necessarycomponents are there.  some games i would recommendsoul calibersonic adventuresphantasy star online (any of them)world series 2k1house of the  dead 2jet set radiosega bass fishingshenmue 1 (a bit pricy but amazing)Happy gamingHarris eugene Blake.
I have been a huge video game fan since I was born, and I have never seen anything like the Dreamcast. Sure, on Playstation 2 you can play DVD's, but the games just aren't as fun to play. The Dreamcast also has what I think is the most comfortable and easy to use controller there is. Plus, the VMU makes things even better. No more having to worry about what you should save because now you can delete your files. Plus, it's fun to watch the little movies and play the mini games on it's visual screen. You should definently buy the Dreamcast if you like video games. Nothing will ever be better.
OK. So it was left in dirt by SEGA. Who cares? It still has the sweetest games and awesome controler(though I must say it is very ugly). The VMU(visual memery unit) is the best memery card for any system. My favorite games are 1. All the 2Ks, 2K1s, and 2K2s 2. Sonic Adventure(1-2) 3. Crazy Taxi (1-2) and 4. Soul Calibur. Sure, I'll buy a PS2, X-BOX, and NGC, but Dreamcast is going to keep me busy for A WHILE.
The Sega Dreamcast is in a word, awesome.  The graphics that this system puts out are second to none, even with the debut of the PS2.  Graphics are sharp and crisp on the Dreamcast, which cannot be said of Sony&#8217;s offerings in the game system market.  The lack of a variety of sports games in my only caveat.  I only wish that I would have the option to choose between a few different varieties of baseball games, for example.  It would have been nice to have had an option other than Sega&#8217;s abysmal World Series Baseball 2K1 last year.  That being said, most of the other games I have purchased have been outstanding.  Games like Test Drive LeMans, Star Wars Demolition, and NFL 2K1 are really great games.  I only hope that Sega will produce more versions of their games beyond this year.  The [$] price that the Dreamcast is available at today makes it a great bargain that is well worth picking up, especially if you can live without the DVD player of the PS2.  Check it out today&#8230; it&#8217;s well worth it!
From my personal experience over the last year or so, I have been very impressed with the Sega Dreamcast. This awesome console by Sega launched with a plethora of AAA titles and it never ceases to amaze. With most recent titles like Quake 3, Shenmue, NFL2K1, and NBA2K1, the Dreamcast has THE strongest software library around putting the Playstation 2 to shame. Plus you can play most of these games online via SegaNet which is a big plus.Load up a copy of Soul Calibur or Resident Evil: Code Veronica and your jaw will drop at the attention to detail and playablitity. Don't believe the hype about the Playstation 2. As a longtime gamer (since the NES days) the Dreamcast is as best as you can get. ...so you get an awesome system at a great price.Make sure to choose the Sega Dreamcast as your system of choice this Christmas. You will not be dissapointed.
.... ...i thought that the controllers looked really difficult to use.It turns out that they're not at all. It has the most intuitive controls of all the systems and it places the shoulder buttons underneath the hand grips where they belong. ....................Generally this system does what all the systems do better, 128 bit graphics, the best platforming system on the market, and a great game to fit every gamers taste.....The DC has a huge library of titles, 128 bit graphics, and everything on the system is what it's advertised to be. ................This system is very worth it. .......the dreamcast will be remembered by the true fans, tons of great titles and you wont get bored.
Bottom line: Dreamcast has the goods, and it has it now.  Numbers of  polygons, vertex-lighted trianges, NURBS-aside... the system shells out  some incredibly smooth and beautiful graphics, and nearly every game takes  advantage of the system's power.  Take some genre-busting games like Soul  Calibur and Sonic Adventure (perhaps, the most fastest rollercoaster-like  3D platformer in existence) and you have one heck of a system.  The games  often revolutionize the curve (like Jet Grind Radio).Those who are  waiting for PS2, give Dreamcast a try.  There's more room than for just one  system on top of the TV, and I guaranteed this system will not disappoint  in tandem with its bigger brother.
The Sega Dreamcast is a great game machine.  I have been happier with this console than I ever expected.  If you are dying to get a Playstation 2 but weren't fortunate enough to pre-order one 9 months ago, definitely give the Dreamcast a try!  You won't be sorry.First of all, the games are great, they are unique, and they are fun.  Only on the Dreamcast can you play Resident Evil:Code Veronica, Crazy Taxi, Sega GT, Space Channel 5, Jet Grind Radio, Sonic Adventure, F355 Challenge, Virtua Tennis, Seaman, Samba de Amgio, Soul Calibur, or Power Stone 2.  NFL2K1 is an outstanding game, and most review sites consider it to be barely...  -barely-  ...behind its Playstation 2 equivalent.  Games like Tony Hawk, Soul Reaver, and Jedi Power Battles feature better graphics and other improvements over their PSOne cousins.  Also consider the huge titles just about to be released - Shenmue, Grandia 2, Skies of Arcardia, Quake 3, NBA2K1, Half-Life.  That still leaves other huge titles, like Virtua Fighter 4, Black and White, Phantasy Star Online, and Shenmue 2, for next year and beyond.  The Dreamcast has a great future!Chances are you have tried online gaming, but if you haven't, you don't know what you are missing.  Another human being makes a game intense, especially in a FPS like Quake 3 or Half-Life.  Right now, only the Dreamcast is online.  Join the Sega.Net ISP for 18 months and you'll get the Dreamcast for free.  Again, most Amazon shoppers probably aren't new to the internet, but if you are shopping for a family who is without a computer or internet connection, the Dreamcast is the cheapest, easiest way to get them online, surfing 'n emailin'.Finally, you will not be losing much by waiting a year to buy your Playstation 2.  For the cost of a PS2, you can buy a Dreamcast and 3 great games.  For a PS2, you'll shell out $300 plus tax, and still need to buy a game.  Next Christmas, anaylists predict that Sony will be selling the PS2 for $200, and by that time, the console will have many more great games out for it.
The Sega Dreamcast has a negative connotation of being a "medicore" system from its short life span, but you shouldn't let that stop you from purchasing one. There are plenty of great games that are actually worth buying, unlike its predecessor, the Sega Saturn. The Saturn is still a good system, but great games on it can cost $70 upwards such as Magic Knight Rayearth, Albert Odyssey, or the infamously priced Panzer Dragoon Saga that goes at a whopping $400! There are excellent titles on this system such as Sonic Adventure 1-2, Evolution 1-2, Grandia II, Skies of Arcadia, and quite a few more. Sure, it was not able to compete with the Gamecube, Xbox and PS2, due to financial trouble on Sega's part from poor sales of its predecessors, but is a plethora of great games worth playing on this system, and they are reasonably priced, since they had good print runs, despite the system itself being short-lived. The VMU was quite innovative for its time, considering that it can tell you many different things, such as the character's status, the amount of time spent on a particular game, and so on so forth. Though its life span was very short, much was accomplished in such a short amount of time, releasing games that were quite ahead of its time as they always had. Though this console never had the same level of success as its competitors, its worth picking up for its price, as it still has quite a bit to offer.
I remember when the Sega Dreamcast was released, everybody thought of it as this mythical system, that would take gaming to a whole new level. When released it had great games, Sonic Adventure, Power Stone, NFL 2K and such on.The games are fun, and the controller feels great, there have been suspicions that the Xbox 1 and Xbox 360 controller was designed from it. Graphics are great for the time, and still aren't a eye sore, even when compared to todays system graphics, it holds up fairly well.I defintely would consider the Dreamcast in the top 5 best gaming systems of all time.
I love mine so much it's scary.The graphics are absolutely beautifull.The sound is crisp and crystal clear.There is a huge library of games for this system, so no matter what gaming genre you are a fan of, there just has to be something you'll love.the load times are quick, and on some games there is none.As if this weren't enough you can go online for some multiplayer action.This is the best video game system i have ever play, period.Buy this and you will not regret it, trust me.
Having this system again has allowed me to re-experience so much of the fun I had years ago. Resident evil games, Shenmue, Railroad Tycoon 2, these are just a few of the games that this great piece of hardware powers. I love the ease of organizing game files on visual memory units and the way how the time /date settings remained accurate over long time periods even with the system unplugged. Really worth having.
The Dreamcast is definately the ultimate gaming system... 128 bit... 3 million polygons per second... does it get any better than that? I will give you the answer: NO! Now don't say that the PS2 is better. To be just perfectly honest... I don't care if the PS2 has a DVD player. I dont see why I should spend more just for a DVD player. People say that the controller is too big. That is just another excuse for the PS2 to be better than Dreamcast. Go dreamcast!!! Go Sega!!! I have not had any trouble with my console after buying it used. The Dreamcast consists of good quality. The graphics are equal to PS2. And the loading times are the best compared to the PS2. The Dreamcast has many great games for it.The legend will live on...(!).
This is my favorite system of all time. There are alot of great games on the Dreamcast like Sonic Adventure 1 and 2, Chu Chu Rocket, Jet Grind Radio, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 and 2, MDK2, Sega GT, Test Drive Le Mans, Alien Front Online, Crazy Taxi 1 and 2, Power Stone 1 and 2, Fighting Vipers 2 (japan or european release), King of Fighters 2001 (japan release), ikaruga (japan release), Headhunter (european release), Ooga Booga, Metropolis Street Racer, Marvel vs Capcom 1 and 2, which the Dreamcast version is the best version over the Playstation 2, and Xbox, Sega Bass Fishing 1 and 2, Rez (japan or european release), Shenmue, Shenmue II (japan and european release), Soul Calibur, Resident Evil Code: Veronica, Rayman 2: The Great Escape,Dead or Alive 2 Tennis 2K2, Skies of Arcadia,Phantasy Star Online,Grandia II,Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver,Unreal Tournament, Street Fighter Alpha 3, Samba de Amigo, F355 Challenge,Quake III Arena,Ultimate Fighting Championship,Ready 2 Rumble Boxing,Space Channel 5, Daytona USA, San Francisco Rush 2049,Ready 2 Rumble Boxing,Tokyo Xtreme Racer 2,Street Fighter III: Double Impact, Sega Marine Fishing, and Toy Commander. Dreamcast also over 600 total unique games from the North America, European, and Japan region. Just get DC-X and you will be able to play 350 more games, than the 250 games in North America. Dreamcast has more unqiue games than Nintendo 64 which has about 400 games.
This is the best video game console I have ever owned and I have almost owned them all.Including the Playstation 2. For all out fun and enjoyment you cant top Segas Dreamcast. Throw in online gameing and you add multiplayer fun when you have no one to play with at home.If you dont already have on ego and get one you wont be disappointed.
I'm a fan of the Dreamcast and spent countless hours playing Marvel vs. Capcom 2 back when it was new. Just an excellent machine with ideas ahead of it's time. I still think it would've sold better if it had a DVD drive but I guess things were tight for Sega back then or something. Anyways, I got this for collection purposes but it also has some great games. If you were to investigate you would find games that were made for the PS1 but also put on the Dreamcast. The Dreamcast would benifit from smoother textures and perhaps shorter loading times. Resident Evil 2 is an example but there were others as well before the PS2 came out.
Yeah, we all know that Sega has stopped making Dreamcasts. They followed the somewhat questionable buisness formula of taking a loss on the console and hoping to make up for it with software sales. This, as you can guess, did not quite work right, and now Sega just makes software. Which is a pity, because this console is so good! I have a PS2 and a Dreamcast. They sit side by side in my room. I get, I'd say, about an equal amount of mileage out of each. Bear something in mind, though. I use my PS2 to play my original PSX games, PS2 games, AND DVDs. I use my DC for DC games only (some are imports since I have my console chipped to play them). Meaning, if you break it down console wise, I use my DC much more than my PS2. The Dreamcast is very quickly becoming the "hardcore" gamer's platform of choice, due both to the high quality of the games and the fact that it's the one console nobody thinks to get. It's every real fanboy's dream, really: An unused console that none of the mainstream press pays much attention to that has a wonderful stable of games that far exceeds that of the PS2 (at least so far). If you like fighting games, a Dreamcast is a MUST-OWN. The PS2, despite what people may tell you, is not as good at doing anything 2D as the Dreamcast is. All the good fighters are out on the Dreamcast, and they're there to stay. When Capcom vs. SNK 2 comes out, you can bet that I'll be pounding away happily on my imported Dreamcast version while everyone else boots up a PS2 to play it-and I OWN a PS2, so it's not like I don't have a choice! In fact, it'd be cheaper to get the domestic PS2 release (the import DC version is a flat $..., more than I'd pay for a PS2 game.) The Dreamcast is host to many innovative games that many developers won't risk on other platforms. Jet Set Radio, Shenmue, Crazy Taxi 2, and so forth. The system is almost on par with a PS2, and in many instances will get a better framerate. Rayman 2 is a good example of this. Looks great on the PS2 to be sure, but the DC version looks just a little better. The DC would be hard pressed to pull off something like Devil May Cry, but that wave of games is not here yet, and the games the DC has now will be good no matter when you play them. Shenmue is spectacular looking no matter what you stack it against. Don't get me wrong, I love my PS2, but I wouldn't give up my Dreamcast for the world If you don't own one and you even remotely consider yourself a gamer, you owe it to yourself to buy this console. Remember, once they're gone, that's it. Sega isn't making anymore after this, and you'll be kicking yourself later when you have to buy one... on E-bay 'cause you didn't act now.
I just bought the Dreamcast a couple years ago, and still one of favorite game systems.I have a snes,Genesis,N64,Playstation 1 & 2 and a xbox 360, most of these systems are great,but the Dreamcast has the best 2d fighters and arcade that I remember playing back in the day when they were popular.I have a lot of the games I use to back in the day like House of the Dead,Soul Caliber,Street Fighter Alpha 3, and Capcom vs. Snk are just a few that I own right now.This system is still really good because the Dreamcast has hardware similar to the NAOMI arcade machines so most of the games are almost identical and some are better than arcade like Soul Caliber.Sega done well with the Dreamcast because they did the opposite of Sega Saturn when it comes to games.The games are diverse and range to platform games to 2d/3d fighters and action adventures and most of them are still are not bad and look similar to a PS2 game.I think Sega was targeting people with this system that wanted arcade style games while Sony did the same,but with a dvd player.In 2002 Sega stop making systems after the PS2 out sold the Dreamcast at sales,but now it is just a software company instead which I am glad they are still around.I recently bought a Hori PS2 joystick and used a PS adapter and it's way more fun than using the DC controller.I would highly advise everyone that doesn't already have the DC arcade stick to get an Hori arcade joystick or X-Arcade stick and a PS adapter to get to the whole arcade feel.The DC system has mostly arcade fighting games,so people that don't like this system probably don't like fighting games.Pros: ahead of its time,vmu is amazing,controller is comfortable,games are cheap,games still look good,great fighting gamesCons: some games look bad,stop making games.
Now doesn't that make The Dreamcast look inexpensive to you? It really is a Great Deal. DC has some of the best games ever made (Read: Shenmue or Soul Calibur or Worms, etc). It's well worth picking up, so I hope everyone who plays games does so.
The slogan for this console is perfect.  It offers changing scenerios as you play because the console is able to adjust itself to your ability to learn and your actions.  It is compact, easy to use, has few wires and offers hours and hours of video game excitement.  It is fantastic.
By now everyone is ravening about PSX2. Great graphics, built-in 56k modem and DVD!! Chances are you probably have a DVD already sitting in your stereo cabinet or it is in your desktop. Why pay the HIGH PRICE for something your already have. Besides the DVD, Dreamcast is no different than the PSX2. The graphics are the same, all the games are played the same, DC has a built-in 56k. The only differences are the price. Think about.
When I originally saw Sega's stellar Dreamcast in action, the day it launched on September 9, 1999, I remember thinking that console gaming had finally matured and arrived in grand style. Up to that point in time, no previous video game system had the polygonal pumping power or blazing speed of Sega's Dreamcast hardware to produce the spectacular and wondrous visuals that countless people around the globe had been enjoying for years in arcades.  Though Nintendo's 64-bit behemoth, along with Sony's colossally popular Playstation were very admirable machines with extremely solid and respectable game libraries, neither came swaggering out of the corner, looking for a fight swinging as furiously, or packed a punch quite like Sega's powerful like the Dreamcast. It was a machine that was truly ahead of it's time and set a new qaulity standard in the industry that was hard to match. While classic, much lauded launch titles like `Soul Calibur', `Sonic Adventure', `Power Stone', `Crazy Taxi', `Hydro Thunder', `Marvel vs. Capcom: New Age of Heroes' and `NFL 2K' showcased the Dreamcasts impressive, jaw dropping, and drool worthy graphical capabilities, it was another launch title by Sega, `Chu Chu Rocket' that reminded the world what helped make the Dreamcast an important part of gaming history. Granted you had to subscribe to SegaNet to take advantage of this heralded feature, but now a person was not only able surf the World Wide Web with their Sega Dreamcast, using the included browser disc and integrated 56k modem, but could also play games online; a realm that was previously exclusive to P.C. gamers.  Sega's console is a rock solid and attractive unit that is pleasing to behold and was built to last a long time. The Dreamcast controller is similarly well designed and assembled. It's comfortable to handle for numerous hours, making it a perfect for weekend long gaming marathons. The buttons are well laid out on the right side and colorful, opposite of the analog thumb stick, which is positioned above the D-pad, with index finger triggers on the underside. It also has two expansion slots to accommodate various accessories like `Visual Memory Units', a `Rumble Pack' or even a microphone.  The only strange thing about the Dreamcast's controller is that the cord is connected at the bottom, but can conveniently be secured forward on the underside of the unit. The `Visual Memory Unit' resembles a miniaturized version of Nintendo's original Gameboy, with a monochrome LCD screen, positioned above the D-pad, which was next to the `Start', `Select' `A', and B' buttons.  Not only could this little marvel save vital game data, but it could enhance the experince in numerous ways too.  This could be a mini game, like `Pinta's Quest' on `Skies of Arcadia', raising a Chao in 'Sonic Adventure' or displaying play calls on Sega's awesome 2K sport games.  Sega had a smash hit on its hands with the Dreamcast, but it wouldn't have been worth anything if there wasn't quality software that took advantage of the systems powerful, cutting edge hardware that was genuinely enjoyable to play.  Luckily, the Dreamcast amassed an admirable collection of classic and beloved games to build a strong library in it's short life that proudly endures today; there is something for everyone.  The previously mentioned titles are only a brief taste of the untold hours of fun and adventure that awaits the owner of a Sega Dreamcast. Other classic platters like: `Grandia II', `Jet Grind Radio', `Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver', `Phantasy Star Online', `Space Channel 5', `Shenmue' , `Metropolis Street Racer', `Virtual Tennis' and countless other great games are still waiting to be discovered on the Sega Dreamcast. Nearly a decade since it debuted in North America, it's still thinking, keeping a firm hold of gamer's hearts and imaginations.
I've had this system since it came out and i love it. For the short amount of time it lived it put out an awesome assortment of great games! I just refurbished mine to restore it back to it's original state. I love this thing!
i never got it but now i have it great system it has graphics like ps4 and s***box done and i love all the games i have for it.
Sega's Dreamcast may be dying, but it's still awesome. With a 128-bit proccesser, it makes it almost as good as PS2. So what if it can't play DVDs. They are plenty of great titles for Dreamcast including Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2, Sonic Adventure 2, NFL 2K2, and Crazy Taxi. Don't underestimate the Dreamcast. Get one before they're gone!
The Dreamcast was a gamer's system.  Not only was it the first 128-bit system out the gate, it also built up an incredible library of games before its untimely demise.  It was really the last system to feature good 2D support for fighting games such as the Street Fighter series and SNK franchises.  It also was the only platform to carry the first Soul Calibur, arguably the best 3D fighting game of all time.In addition to the fighting games, though, the Dreamcast offered a library of games that seemed geared more towards quality and playability than mass-marketability.  Space shooters like Mars Matrix and hard-to-categorize games like Shenmue set the system apart from others.  It's just too bad Sega had to give up on the Dreamcast, and will most likely never make another console again.
9/9/99. The day the video game world was changed forever. Sega launched its Sega Dreamcast which had graphics far superior to anything else availible. It also had internet capability to play games over the net and could also play music CD's. The Dreamcast was very succesful in its first weeks on the market, selling more than 500,000 in its first week.But in January 2001 Sgea announced that due to low world-wide sales they would stop producig the Dreamcast and become a 3rd party developer for the other systems, never to make another Dreamcast system or any other system again. Thankfully, Sega would still support the Dreamcast until March 2002. In between those times is when the best Dreamcast games were released. NFL 2K2, NBA 2K2, NHL 2K2, Daytona USA, Crazy Taxi2 and Sonic Adventure 2 were all released between those lines. But here March 2002 has come and gone and the Dreamcast has passed on with the release of NHL 2K2.But that does not mean an any way that you should not buy a Dreamcast. You can get a dreamcast, 2 controllers, a memory card, NHL 2K2, NFL 2K2, NBA 2K2 Sonic Adventure 2, Shennmue, Daytona USA, Crazy Taxi 2 and 5 other games for the same price of a PS2 or XBOX, one controller, one memory card, and no games.The Dreamcast is a great deal at $50 and you can't go wrong with any games. I think the Dreamcast is the best deal on a video game system availible right now.
THis is a great system. SUre it's dead and there's no more games being made for this "ancient relic",but this thing rules.if you have about [$$$]burnin' a hole in your pocket you should grab this. It has some great games like Crazy Taxi, Crazy Taxi 2, Power Stone, Power Stone 2, some Street fighter games....SEGA was a GREAT company, it's a shame they were replaced with sony and [...]microsoft......what's the world coming to?
The Memories Brought Forth From This Console Are So Rewarding. Such A Warm Feeling Comes Over Me Whenever I Play It, Thank You!
I recently acquired a Dreamcast, and what a system! I can't believe SEGA pulled the plug on this marvel. I at one time doubted the capabilities of this system until I gave it a try myself. The graphics, while not important to me, rival those of GC or PS2. I almost broke down and purchased one of the "big 3", but decided to save my money and go with the DC. I'm not breaking my neck to get an XBOX or Cube, not while I'm having fun with this system.As for games, you have tons to choose from, and no one is left out. Jet Grind Radio, Shemue, Crazy Taxi, Quake III, and I can go on and on. Most games are in the (...) range, so you can get a nice selection of games for what you would pay for one XBOX or Ps2. The controller, while it is big, is easy to use.So if you don't have the money to drop on a "next-gen" system, get yourself a Dreamcast while they are still available.You don't have to be left out of the gaming party due to low funds.
If you owned a playstation 1 you were probably on the band wagon for playstation 2 from the get go. I have owned just about every game system ever released. The dreamcast was one of those moments in video games where gamers got a gamers system. The opinions all around are wonderful for it. The games at launch for this system were by far the best out of any launch ive ever seen. I think it has a certain nostalgia to it. When I found out they were stopping production for it i was a little heart broken. It was the first time i was gonna stick with one system because i was so happy with it. Them pulling it out early will make it stand out as one of those times in my life where something as great as this system failed to early and was successful to late in its afterlife. So yes i hope if you read this and want some great gaming moments you buy this system. You will not regret it. I never did and never will.
The dreamcast was without a doubt a great console. But, like all great things (such as the nintendo 64) It died out. I really think that they should have made a lot more games for it, but i was already satisfied with the games that were out. Any body who likes resident evil would have to agree that Resident Evil 2 and Code veronica were great games. Powerstone was pretty fun to, along with Sonic's Adventure. I would recommend this system to anyone that doesn't mind  playing older games.
This console would be even worth its money if it would cost two times as much as it does now. I love the Dreamcast! Why? I'll tell ya why:- it's a bargain... If you're buying a PSone over this gem then I can't think of an other reason than you're plain stupid. The DC doesn't deserve all the negative publicity it got!- superb games: Soul Calibur, Virtua Tennis, Dead or Alive 2, NBA 2K1, Unreal Tournament, Quake III, Shenmue... the list goes on and on! And they WILL bring out more games (about 70) including Half Life and Sonic Adventure 2!- stunning graphics: I'm not joking now but some games even look better than the overpriced and overrated Playstation 2! Fire up Jet Set Radio, Quake 3, NBA 2K1 and you know what I'm talking about!- interesting internetdevelopment: you can play MP3s, SNES games, Genesis games, Movies (VCD) and so on by downloading small tools on the internet. The internetcommunity loves this console and I can't say they're wrong!If you're buying this console (it's worth it, believe me!) than buy a Visual Memorycard with it; it's required for almost all of the games. Buy it... now!
I'm not a hard core gamming person. I'm 25 years old and I work long hours behind a computer, I come home and I want something to relax to that's not going to require large amounts of my time.The DreamCast fit the bill, with a great price and game library right out of the local arcade.Why buy a DreamCast so late in the game? Because although it's over a year old, if you judge a game console based on both  it's technology and it's game library, the DreamCast is the best console on the market.The price point is also outstanding, especially since you get a 56k modem and an Internet web browser with the system (there are many games that are on-line ready as well). You are not tied to a Sega ISP either, that makes this the most inexpensive sit-top Internet appliance on the market.When it comes to games, I like arcade games. If you like arcade style games, Sega makes some of the best and here you have perfect (I mean perfect) arcade games. You can also buy many of the first generation games for $20 or less.The PlayStation 2 is another machine to consider, IMHO the PS2's current crop of games do not justify it's heavy price tag, also if you have a DVD player on your TV, you are wasting money buying the PS2's DVD player (since the DVD has proven to be a failure for software delivery). The DreamCast has a very powerful graphics processor, it's inexpensive and it's quality control department works overtime to make sure only quality games are released. The PS2 will eventually beat it out, there are games like &quot;Metal Gear Solid 2&quot;, but that's not relivant when you consider that PlayStation will always be at a disadvantage when it comes to great arcade style games. Sure they have Namco and Williams, but so does Sega (see dremacaast versions of Soul Calibur and Ready 2 Rumble), and Sega has their own brand that makes some really incredible games that are unbeatable in fun, but untill PS2 catches up DreamCast should be your #1 pick.Buy one.
With this being the 10 year anniversary of the announcment of the death of the Dreamcast I thought I'd write a eulogy. It started out so right, it seemed Sega was going to be able to fix the errors of years past, make the comback that they deserved, and reclaim their title as king of the arcade. With launch titles such as Sonic Adventure, Soul Calibur, Crazy Taxi, it seemed almost too good to be true. It had revolutionary features. The VMU was the first, which was a handheld system and memory card that provided a LCD screen for the controller, that changed based on game and context. Next was the built in modem, it allowed not only internet access and web browsing straight out of the box, but also supported online play, a first for consoles. It had the first MMO, phantasy star online, free to play. But it also had other games that were amazing, Project Seaman, with its voice recognition through the microphone, Jet Grind Radio, which was the first to feature cell shaded graphics, Shenmue was the first to feature a massive open ended world, and the countless acade perfect ports of games like Marvel vs. Capcom 1+2, Street Fighter Alpha 3, and Hydro Thunder. It was the last Japanese and Arcade based system. It had everything a  gamer could ever want, it was affordable, reliable, inovative, connected, revolutionary, powerful, and had a massive library of games from every genre. It had core and casual games, single and multiplayer, and had online and offline games. Its such a shame that Sega made all the right moves but no one cared. If you conisder yourself a core gamer, you owe it to yourself to look at this system one more time.Farewell Dreamcast you are missed, you may be dead, but your games live on.Rest in peace.
It's true, I finally broke down and bought the dreamcast.(I had owned just the PS One) I'm a big sports game player and I simply couldn't turn down the sports bundle I got... NFL 2k1,NBA 2k1,WS baseball 2k1, and the &quot;dream&quot; for 100 bucks!! The other 128-bit systems out can't come close to the dreamcast's prices(memory cards/xtra controllers are affordable also!). Pro's include small size, sweet graphics &amp; super quick load times, my sole Con has to do with the noise she makes while on, a tad loud I think. However, I feel it's an overall great value for the money and it will hold me over until systems like the PS2 &amp; XBOX become more affordable....SEGA!!5 Star Value for sure.
this console had a short spotlight life. it was king for 19 months, but sadly the PS2 killed it. i wanted one back in 1999, but sadly, i had a N64. sad isnt it?anyway, it has a LCD memory card, with buttons and mini games, a 1.3 GB CD capacity, and a revolutionary controller and internet browser. i reccommend this to anyone with a TV and money.
Order the game gear from this seller so i also ordered the dreamcast. Everything came with the system and more. Was some CD case that had what looks like burned games (On CD-R) didn't expect this and was very satisfied.Haven't tired the system yet to see if it's working but i have it mainly more for my collection. Will be ordering again from seller.***The only down side was the box all my stuff came in was really beat up and no packing at all. Looked like it was all thrown in the box. If someone was to drop it im sure the dreamcast would have broke. I may have got very lucky.***.
I bought Sega Dreamcast when it launched in 9/9/99 and to tell the honest truth, I had some doubts. But then, After I had bought 3 or so games for  the thing, I knew it was best. Even if I do (and most likely will) buy a  Playstation 2, Dolphin, or X-Box I know I'll always have a place in my  gaming collection for the DC. I now have 27 or so games for it and I love  every one of them.Those of you gamers that are so obsessed about  Playstation and Nintendo that you beleive Sega Dreamcast isn't and never  will be worth it, you are missing out, Especially if you're going to buy  Psx2 just because of the improved graphics on 95% of the old Playstation  games; anyways, bleem for DC is coming out on Sega this August , which will  be able to play 400+ Playstation games in 128 bits, in which Playsation2  will only play them in 64 bits. So if you're one of those big jerks who  hate Sega because of previous systems and wouldn't in your right mind buy a  DC, you are missing out. Go ahead, then. Miss out. Hate. You're just making  yourself less happy. Scroll up and Buy a Dreamcast RIGHT NOW, no matter  what your friends say.
You just have to buy one they have the same graphics as PS2 and Gamecube have which is 128 bits and the only thing I really don't like about it since it is the first CD game system sometimes when you are in the middle of playing a game it may just go to the system's main menu but that is very common if that happens just take the CD out and clean it by rubbing the CD on your shirt.  When you want to stop a game you first hit open and than take the game out than close the disk door than hit power because if you just hit power than open it up it will not put on the brake.  Which can damage the Dreamcast.
I bought this back in September of 1999 when it first came out. I was excited to play it. I couldn't believe how small it was compared to my other consoles, which I had the original PlayStation, Sega Saturn and the Nintendo 64. The first game I end up buying for it was Sonic Adventure. Which is a pretty awesome game, the graphics were amazing, bright and colorful. Later on I would end up buying games like Shenmue, Crazy Taxi and Jet Grind Radio. The Dreamcast was ahead of it's time, but it died too early. It has a great library of games, so I highly recommend it.
If you're a fan of 2D fighter games it's here on the Dreamcast. Capcom vs SNK 1-2 import, Vampire Hunter Chonicles import, King of Fighters 99-02 import, Marvel vs Capcom 1-2. Jo Jo Bizarre Adventure, Street fighter 3 Collection, Samurai Blade 2, Mark of the Wolves, Sega Ages Volume 1. And Sega Saturn have tons of 2D fighters and shooters a lot are import so get the dreamcast and saturn to complete your 2D library.
You know it was quite sad when I went to a friend who considers themselves a Hardcore gamer.. and I told them I just bought a Sega Dreamcast... they said a what?? I said you know the Dreamcast.. the last system Sega ever made... he told me I was wrong and said that The Saturn was the last system they ever made... we went on the internet where he found out he was wrong..at the end I could not blame him though... he became Hardcore off the PS2 generation.. and had never really heard of the Dreamcast.. which is not surprising because it seemed almost like a blink of the eye.. it was here.. and it was gone.. before it's proper generation had even really started the Dreamcast was doomed.. which is unfortunate.. Because with this last system.. Sega Unleashed a beast.. and it is awesome.. Now on to the pluses and minuses.+ The Sega Dreamcasts design is awesome.. very compact... has four controller hook ups right out of the box.. a 56K modem to get on the Internet(This was the first system in which major consoles took Internet play seriously 56K was good for the time) and runs off GD's (Which I believe means Gigabyte Disc which is basically a CD dual layered that stores over a Gig worth of memory on it) it also comes with a memory card out of the box.. which goes into the controller..- The 56K modem is really out of date.. you have to buy a adapter to be able to get online and play..- The GD Rom itself is prone to disc read errors after a length in time. Some say that the Durability of the system is not great. (Will update this later)-Because it runs off bigger versions of CD's (Well GD's) and not DVD.. you will not be able to play a movie off this.. (But Music seems to work fine)- When you first touch the controller.. it may feel like your holding a piece of plywood.+ However with that being said.. once you get used to the feel of the controller.. for some reason everything just feels natural... and you'll most likely love it.- And this is one area... I am sorry.. I feel Sega Screwed the pooch on this one.. The Memory Card that comes with your system.. pending on the game.. may only be able to be used for that game.. and I am not talking like PS2.. where you can have multiple games saved on the card and "Choose" to dedicate it to the game.. I mean just saving a single game.. which means you will be running out buying memory cards left and right.. if you own games like NFL2K or Seventhcross.. and any form of library for the system.+However the official Sega VMU's has cool features with some games.. like mini games you can play off them.. and important information you can use in some games.+ Loading Times.. The Loading times to the Dreamcast are faster then those of PS2.. and compete with the more powerful systems like Gamecube and XBOX+ Graphics.. Sorry but Dreamcast (Despite what Sony fans say) Blows the PS2 out of the water in this area... the cream of the crop games on Dreamcast.. are consistently better then the PS2.. and compare closely.. and beats at times the Gamecube.. the only system from this generation.. that can beat the Dreamcast is XBOX(And even then it is very close)- Graphics.. However some games (Like Timestalkers for instance) Looks like someone threw a CD Rom on your N64.. (Oh don't get me wrong.. it looks better then a N64 game but so much in the way a Sega CD looked better then a Genesis game)+ The Games... hands down there was a load of classics on this system.. and they still hold up today... it may be weird to some people though.. do to the time when this came out.. the library of games resembles what you could find on a Playstion or N64 instead of a PS2 or Gamecube... but in actuality... that is part of the charm of this system.. because alot of games.. from that era.. this is the only system you will find a next generation version of.. so you will get to see.. what a PS2 version of some of the great games from that time would look. like. it will bring back fond flashbacks.. and show you.. the updated version.. which makes this the system to own.. in addition.. Sega unleashed Masterpieces that are still in demand.. still highly sought after.. and since Sega went third party.. still played and enjoyed by Video Gamers around the world.. including Shenmue, Jet Set Radio, and Crazy Taxi (Along with several others) Plus truly Unique Games like Seventh Cross.. (Well maybe not truly unique.. Evolution has been done before on SNES.. but it is a rarity) and despite what most fratboys from other systems would say.. actually most gamers would agree hands down.. in total fun, graphics, controls, and playability this is still the only place to get these games (Despite updates and sequels) (The only exception may be Phantasy Star Online, and Skies of Arcadia remake) and believe it or not NFL2K.. along with some other sports titles.. are simply the best sports games out there.. hands down.. no amount of updates with Madden or others can compare to the games you get here.. simply put.. it is the best.. period..In the end is a Dreamcast worth getting in this day and age.. Yes.. Yes Yes... hands down.. if your a hardcore gamer it is a must.. You will get to see some of the most innovative games of their time.. that still hold up today.. You will get Graphics that is simply jaw dropping.. and controls.. that feel natural ... the only downside is.. prepare to either delete a lot of games.. or get a lot of VMU's because you will need them.. and online play.. may be a hastle.. but still.. once you get past that.. this system is must own.
This game system, o how it was slept on it in my past life unfortunately.  PLease Dreamcast, never go away.  PLease stay, please stay, please stay.  It came on time, and there was nothing wrong with it.
Ah man. I love the dreamcast so much and every time I play the one I have I almost start to cry because I can remember me and my friend's used to play this over and over again. Like my title says, this console will and always be truly missed. The Dreamcast has had a wide variety of the most funnest games ever and the most memorable ones too. My childhood will rest along with the most classic gaming machine on the face of this earth.
9/9/99. The day Sega released the most powerful console ever in the U.S. Some of the games at launch(or shortly after) were: Sonic Adventure, NFL 2k, House of the Dead 2, Hydro Thunder, Soul Calibur, etc. All of these games had graphics better than anything seen on a console before. The revolution was about to begin.But shorly after I purchased this console way back in April 2000, I heard about the Playstation 2, and wondered if I made the right decision. Then the PS2 came out. All doubts were gone. And by Christmas, I realized that the Dreamcast was far superior. Even though the DC didn't quite stand up to the PS2 specifications-wise and in therms of hype, it dominated in other categories. The DC (at the time) had better graphics, more v-ram(visual memory), full anti-aliasing, 4 controller ports instead of 2, more games(better games I might add), better accesories, more support, a 56k modem, and truckloads of truly great titles being released. Yes, December 2000 was a great time to be a DC owner. But the great times were about to end...In January 2001, due to insufficent funds and low world-wide sales, Sega decided to pull the plug on the DC and simply become a 3rd party developer. Many wondered if Sega could survive as a 3rd party developer, but once again, Sega proved everyone wrong. Even though Sega was no longer producing the DC, they would still support it until March 2002, and some of the better games came out between these times. Daytona USA, NFL 2k2, NBA 2k2, NHL 2k2, WSB 2k2(sort of), Crazy Taxi 2, Phantasy Star Online ver.2, and best of all, Sonic Adventure 2(which is possibly the best title on the system, next to Shenmue).But now it is March 2002. The last game for the system, NHL 2k2, was released, and the era of the DC is over. But who knows? Maybe is a few years, a company will buy the rights to it and will begin producing more games for it, just like Majesco did with the Game Gear.Considering the fact that the DC game flow has stopped, you can still pick up a system(if you can find one), at least 10 or 15 games, a second controller, and a memory card or two for the same price, or less, than a PS2 or X-Box, which come with no games whatsoever.Even though the DC is dead, I still support it in saying that it is the best console on the market, considering what it has done in the past. And if you own one, I'm sure you will too.
has never failed me yet. i have beaten all the games i got for it and it still works like new.
I've always liked SEGA because of the great games they provided us with.  Who would have thought a game about a running blue hedgehog (Sonic The  Hedgehog) would be so fun?  Or that a worm in a power suite (Earthworm Jim)  would be so challenging?  And after all these years of us having to deal  with lousy 3D games that have no deapth (Most of them 3D killers of 2D  classics), SEGA finally rises to show us what games SHOULD be like!  &quot;Sonic Adventure&quot; is probibly the first 3D game I liked that was  originaly 2D (Very unlikely that happens)!  Plus with some of the best  games on the system that's out there, I see a bright future for SEGA!  So  what about the the other companys (Nintendo, Sony)?  Well I was for years a  big Nintendo fan, untill they made the Nintendo 64.  What a waste of a  system.  I see promise for their Gamecube system, but I'm going to be  cautious about it after what happened with their last system!  And Sony is  trash!  Always has been, always will be!  With that said this is the system  to buy!  Happy Birthday Dreamcast!!!
SEGA did not recieve neary enough credit for this beautiful machine.  Games like Shenmue, the Virtua sports lineup, and Soul Calibur were all so brilliantly supported on this transition system.  Few realize that this game console came long before its time, as it was revolutionary in its gaming library.  Seaman, Jet Grind Radio, Chu Chu Rocket, Phantasy Star Online, Echo the Dolphin, and other unique games were simply so pioneering that no one really wanted to play them.  Everything about this system and its games drip with innovative content.  This was the first system to use Cell Shading, a coloring method that has become popular these days with games like Viewtiful Joe, XIII, and Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker.  The SEGA Dreamcast needs some love and appreciation.  If you have one sitting around your house, collecting dust, brush it off and play it a little, and if you don't own one, pick one up and try it out.  I can guarantee a very unique gaming experience.  Best of all, the games on this system are extremely cheap.  Just give it a try.
It is simply breathtaking, when it first came out it was so ahead of it's time some didn't beleve it could to what it was advertised to do. Unfortunetly it is becoming obsolete, but it was a fanaly worthy of Sega. The DreamCast came out before the N64, but it is almost as capible as the GC, and it rivals the PS2.There becomeing very hard to find, so if you own one of these, consider yourself lucky and hang onto it. In a hundred years it could be worth millions to some electronics antique shop&lt;laughs&gt;.
The Sega Dreamcast is hands down the best gaming bang for the buck currently on the market. I picked mine up about a month ago and have not regretted the decision. Although, I am 41 years old and am a PC gamer at heart, there are just some games that the PC cannot do well. Specifically fighting games (Dead or Alive 2, Soul Calibur, etc.), which are best with multiple players and controllers, and light-gun games (House of the Dead 2, Confidential Mission), which are unbelievably fun with a light-gun (Mad Catz makes a good one). And since PC's don't do multiple controllers well, much less light-guns, I was left with the Dreamcast system as my only choice, mainly because of its current price-point and its awesome selection of classic titles, which by the way are also coming down in price since the Dreamcast is out of production. My advice: Get this system while you can and as many games that interest you for it too, since as time passes, certain of these games are sure to become sought-after collector's items; indeed, some already are.
This was a replacement as the original hadbeen broken since it had been used so oftenand so much.
I purchased a Sega Dreacast last Christmas and couldn't be happier. The graphics are jaw-dropping and there's a truckload of games, 200 or so by Christmas 2000, some titles like Shenmu, Ecco the Dolphin, and Soul Calibur could be classified as works of art. As an engineer in the hi-tech field I'm always impressed by a design masterpiece, you can be assured I'm impressed with the Dreamcast. Now let's talk about the PS2, I've studied the Dreamcast and the PS2 for over a year by researching numerous design articles on the Internet and unfortunately for Sony, the word is getting out, the PS2 is a bad design. Sony had great plans for a powerhouse machine, but they all fell apart due to a serious design flaw that traumatizes the entire system. Here's the bottom line, the PS2 is severely limited by an anemic 4 MB Video ram memory in the graphics subsystem, this is the pipeline that controls video output to the screen, everything must pass thru this pipeline before it appears on the television. By comparison, the Dreamcast has twice the size of the PS2 pipeline, or 8 MB video ram memory. This still does not tell the complete story, the Dreamcast has a superior graphics engine that makes it's 8 MB pipeline perform more like 10 times the pipeline in the PS2, yes, that's right, I said 10 times. This gives the Dreamcast the ability to produce screen output the PS2 simply cannot match. This probably sounds hard to believe after all the hype you've heard about the PS2, but sadly, it's true. In a nutshell, Sony built a 750 horsepower Ferrari and then fitted it with a Ford Pinto exhaust system. No matter how much power the PS2 engine can deliver, the entire system is choked by the restricted output and software developers are left frantically scrambling trying to work around the problems this causes. Surely you've heard the PS2 is difficult to develop for, this is the main reason why. The results are quite revealing, if you compare the top games on both systems, you'll notice the Dreamcast is at least as good as the PS2 and many time's it's superior. The best example of this lies with two different fighting games, Tekken Tag on the PS2 compared to Soul Calibur on the Dreamcast, both games launched with the respective system. Namco, one of the finest game development companies on the planet, developed both titles. If it was within Namco's power, you can bet they wouldn't let the spanking new Tekken Tag on the PS2 be outshined by the 18-month-old Soul Calibur on the Dreamcast, but that's just what happened. Soul Calibur is a masterpiece that dwarfs Tekken Tag in any comparison. Another good example is EA Sports Madden NFL 2001 for the PS2 compared to NFL 2K1 for the Dreamcast. EA Sports has everything riding on the PS2 and cannot afford to be outdone by the Dreamcast. In direct comparisons, some say Madden NFL 2001 has slightly better graphics than NFL 2K1, but read almost any review you want, even some on Sony biased sights, and NFL 2K1 is the better game. Moving on, some Dreamcast games are thought to be impossible on the PS2, these are Jet Grind Radio, Shenmue, Crazy Taxi, Sonic Adventure, Ecco the Dolphin, and perhaps a few more. These games either have incredible detail and texturing, fast moving free roaming 3D environments, or both. Because it's choked by it's design, detail texture and fast moving free roaming environments are all difficult for the PS2. In other words, some things the Dreamcast can do with ease are near impossibilities for the PS2. Chances are you haven't heard comparisons like these before, but they appear to be true. A few more things to mention if your considering purchasing a new game console, the PS2 can play DVD's, the Dreamcast can't, that may be a selling point to some. On the other hand, the Dreamcast has an ACE up it's sleeve, it's internet ready out of the box and online gaming for the Dreamcast is here, right now, today, no fool' in. How good is online gaming on the Dreamcast? I've heard nothing but praise and worship for SegaNet, they use a system that reduces lag over an analog modem that makes an opponent across country seem like he's playing in you living room. In the online department Sony has completely botched up, Sega has a much better plan in place and Sony will never fully catch up. One last point, the PS2 plays old Playstation games with the same quality as the Playstation, a certain selling point. On the Sega side, a new software product called Bleem! will give the Dreamcast the ability to play around 400 Playstation games thru emulation, with 4X the screen resolution, graphics filtering, and jagged edge removal that the Sony machines can't accomplish. The Dreamcast will be a better Playstaion than the PS2, even a better Playstation than the Playstation itself. In conclusion, if you're a Sony fan and you don't mind the high price, go ahead and buy a PS2, the games will get better as developers master the system. The PS2 is an adequate machine and will be a smashing success with the following Sony already has, it's just not the revolution in console gaming that all the hype predicted. Now, if you think you want a PS2 because it's a superior machine, forget the hype, save yourself some money and go buy a Dreamcast, you won't be disappointed. The PS2 is vastly overrated and over-hyped, the Dreamcast is underrated and it's time for the truth to even up the score. Lastly, if you are a budget conscious consumer, buy a Dreamcast over a PSone anyday, it's 10X better.... Bottom line, the Dreamcast is a masterpiece of design engineering and it easily rivals the PS2, in many ways it's the superior machine, much to Sony's dismay.
the deramcast has great games like sonic aventure 2 which is better then what ps2 can ofer in the same type any way ps2 is riding on popalry or words a fad so way waste money on a fad  and what if sega says there make dreamcast and stop in 3 years if  going to buy ps2 your out of luck.can you real think ps2 can be pop for 2 genarations in a row No it can't.
Ok, I'm the loser who waited until early 2013 to get this.... WHY did I wait!?Pros:The system lasts.The controller is easy to use.Graphics are beyond it's years.ENTERTAINING!!!Cons:Controller cord has short length.If you unplug the system or leave it sitting for a long time, you have to set the day, month, year, time (military time). And it happens randomly.VMUs needed to play games.OVERALL:Pros beats the Cons, this system is priceless!!5/5.
Glad I could revisit my old games!
The Sega Dreamcast was amazing! I don't know what it was, but Sega systems were always unique in someway. Even their games were pretty fun. The only problem was that there just wasn't enough games for it. I think that if they released more Japanese games in the US, they could have survived another generation or two of systems. I really liked this system because it had a unique physical look and the GUI was interesting. Also, it was ahead of its time. This was one of the first systems that could connect to the internet. The only problem, there weren't  that many games to play online. Now, ~10 years later; I still enjoy the Sega Dreamcast; it's such a shame that they couldn't continue.
I guess I'm just a Sega fanboy underneath it all, I've always been loyal to Sega since the days of the Genesis, and I've owned the Sega CD, 32X (I want my money back on that), the Saturn, and the Dreamcast.  Now recently I bought [another brand], and guess what, I still play my Dreamcast more...  What killed the Dreamcast was that it was too ambitious for its own good.  Online play made the system one of a kind...  Now the Dreamcast wasn't a bad system at all.  Like I said, the online play elevated the system to new levels, and the library of games (most of them were exclusive...) the system was trouble free and had one of the best designed controlers on the market.  Shockingly original games...plus the best sports titles on any system made the Dreamcast one of the best systems ever made, and I for one will miss it...
Dreamcast was Sega's final and surprisingly admirable effort in a losing war of console giants. The tragic irony of it all is this: Sega seemed to have finally learned their lesson after years of rushed-out-the-door hardware and lack of quality games for said hardware. The console was powerful and what's this... lots of games? It would seem then that Dreamcast was destined to redeem Sega and restore her to her former glory. But instead a perfect storm of NOPE gathered. That storm of NOPE was Sony (PS2), Nintendo (Gamecube), and Microsoft (Xbox). Four consoles could not survive in a market that was already oversaturated. Sadly, Dreamcast faded into obscurity. Despite its early demise, the games on DC hold up really well even by 2011 standards. Without a doubt the most underrated gem of any console generation. If you're a nostalgia seeker or just appreciate a solid gaming experience comparable to the likes of PS2, pick up a Dreamcast. Virtua Tennis, Capcom vs. SNK 2, Soul Calibur, Power Stone, Shenmue, and Skies of Arcadia are just a few of the awesome titles worth checking out.
This is the best Sega system ever, the game population grows for it every week, I have only played four games on it so far, but the games I have  played and own are real gems.
(Confession of a once Sony Fanboy)... Ever since I bought the Sega Saturn and it died miserably I had my doubts about Sega. The Dreamcast was launched on 09/09/99 and I was at a Toys R Us when loads of people were lined up to purchase this system. I thought about getting it (I had the money), but I committed myself to never trust Sega. I took Sony's side and bowed to stick to Sony. When the Dreamcast dropped in price for $... I decided to buy one because of the great 2D fighting games which are unavailable on PS2 or are poor attempts on PS1. I bought the Sonic Bundle for $... and stocked up on VMU's and bought an extra controller. I bought all the fighting games I could get: King of Fighters DM 99, Virtua Fighter 3tb, Marvel vs Capcom 2, Capcom vs SNK, and ordered SF 3: 3rd Strike. I also bought Jet Grind Radio and Resident Evil Code Veronica. All I have to say is this: I was wrong for not giving SEga another chance. I love my Dreamcast and I play it 300% more often than I play my PS2. As a matter of fact, I don't even play my Ps1 or Ps2 anymore, I just use it for the DVD, DREAMCAST is A GREAT SYSTEM regardless if it is dead. In the end it is the funfactor that counts and not the popularity. Thank you Sega for bringing forth a great system. THE DREAMCAST IS TRULY SUPERB.
after the fantastic Saturn,  sega took a break and started to develop a system to go head to head with Sony's upcoming Playstation 2 system.the result was the sega dreamcast, and it was incredible.  the Dreamcast was a marvel of processing power and high quality graphics.. which to the average gamer means ..a powerhouse in consoles, and more important  excellent games to come your way.the  dreamcast had a unique analog controler similar to the N64  but it felt better in the players hands and was more comfortable.  i prefered this controller myself.you could also have internet access  just like the sega saturn..which was also a plus..keep in mind  this is way before Microsoft's  xbox live service and sony's playstation online network  folks!the graphics were stunning..games like marvel vs capcom,  sonic, air force delta, spawn, virtua fighter amoung others  really stand up even today.this all changed when the sony playstation 2 came out  then  sega once again felt sonys bite..but they didnt give up  the made extra add ons and more exclusives but this still wasnt enough...all said and done though..the Dreamcast  was the final entry into segas console fleet..and it was a GREAT addition.. its still fun to play with today..if your a collector  i highly recomment grabbing one..ITS THINKING....love that tagline they used :).
... there are too many parties and too large of a userbase to just let die.  Look at these factors:1.) The dreamcast has hundreds of third party software developers that rely on revenues derived from Dreamcast users. They certainly don't want this platform to go away. They will undoubtly support the continued production and release of more games.2.) Sega has a huge userbase of Dreamcast users. As a profit-seeking company, there is no reason they would not try to capitalize on either licensing the Dreamcast.. or PARTNERING... there are rumors rumors rumors (substantiated) that the new Microsoft XBOX coming out this fall will infact have a Dreamcast chipset allowing the play of Dreamcast games.  This means that the production of Dreamcast software will not go kaput, becuase developers will still have a platform to develop for.I own the PS2 as well, and as of now (02/12/01), there aren't any decent games out for it. The DC has been out for a year. They've got solid games, and for ..., you can't really lose.
This thing was just as powerful overall as the PlayStation 2 and it had great games, so what happened? Bad business, that's what. Not only is it not compatible with Sega Saturn games or Genesis but the exclusivity deals enraged stores not cut in on the deal. They figured that since they were to get the consoles after everyone else that they'd further delay it...until pigs fly.Forget about them and get this, the first true supersystem for the price of most used or million seller games and collect some of the greatest games ever made, including Project Justice, StreetFighter 3 ThirdStrike, Jet Grind Radio, Soul Caliber,Tech Romancer, Virtual ON Oratorio Tangram, PowerStone 1&amp;2,Dead or Alive 2, Grandia 2, Grand Theft Auto 2, Crazy Taxi and Sonic Adventure. You only have to buy it once, it doesn't have a set shelflife like food does. It'll always be there for you when you want to play it and it never costs additional money. There are far worse things that you could and likely have spent your money on that you can't account for now. You can't put a price on dreams but you can put a very low one for a DreamCast. You won't forget it. If you do, FORGET YOU! Seriously, though, get it!
Well, I'm a little embarrassed to say that I just got a Dreamcast about a week ago,but still have vivid memories of all the commercials that were played and watching my babysitter at the time play it constantly until the PS2 came out. I'm going to review the system in parts because there is just so much to cover that it needs to be broken down.The System: The Dreamcast itself is very small,it's not as long as the original PS1 but it sits a little bit higher. Overall it looks very nice,Pictures don't do it justice,it needs to be seen in person. The Dreamcast's power light is also very unique,instead of being the usual green color,its orange (it's supposedly a very lucky color in Japan.) It also has 4 controller ports,and the usual hookup plugs in the back.The Controller: The controller is sort of a hit and miss,it looks really cool. But it's lacking in the button department,it has 4 face buttons,one analog stick,D-pad,and 2 triggers. Now the problem is the Dreamcast controller needed either another analog stick or 2 more shoulder buttons. I have a very good feeling if the Dreamcast would have been in the market longer it would have seen a redesigned controller. Not the worst controller,but not the best,It gets bonus points for possibly being the coolest looking controller I've seen.The Visual Memory Unit (VMU): The VMU is quite possibly the most unique memory card I have ever seen,it has a screen a D-Pad,sleep button,mode button,and 2 face buttons. While your playing a game it displays either what game your playing,your health,or to choose plays in football,every game does different things. Some games even have mini games you can download onto the VMU. There are some downsides to the VMU and the number one thing is battery life,it takes 2 watch batteries that cost $5 a piece,here is the kicker,they don't last long at all! It would have been smarter to just make the VMU use 2 AA batteries instead,they are much cheaper and would have probably lasted longer (rechargeable would have lasted much longer). And the number 2 downside is the memory on the card is small! Only 200KB available for use (there is a way to unlock 44KB more) if your playing a sport game it can take as much as 164KB! Most games will only use 4-60KB's depending.Games:This is a high point for the DC,at the time it had some of the best games for all genres listing them all would take up way to much space. It is unfortunate that most of the Dreamcasts best games have been ported to either PS2,Xbox,or GC. But there is something about playing the original that makes the games seem so much better on Dreamcast. I'm going to list the pros and cons of the system:Pros:+You can still buy NEW Dreamcasts for $100+Controllers/VMU's are a dime a dozen+Games are cheap and can still be bought NEW+Very nice design+Reliable as long as you play legit software (Tip:CD-R's will burn out your Dreamcast laser)+Awesome memory cardCons:-VMU's use expensive batteries that don't last-Controller needs more buttons.
The console today is still great. There are so many games for this console that you can still easily find this day. It is still compatible with most modern televisions thanks to its S-Video capability. The console is a classic, but also has so many hidden gems, you can really go to its Wikipedia article and start to drool. Further, with its VMU capability and four ports for controllers it has aged much better than other retro consoles.Games to get with this:Sonic Adventure 1 and 2: Two classic 3D platformers, though 2 has aged much better than 1. They can still be found affordably and playing them on their original console (Dreamcast) gives the best control experience.D2: An obscure horror game that will have you hiding under your bed at night for weeks after playing it. This game made great and novel use of the VMU screenShenmue: Considered one of the best games ever made, with graphics that hold up well even todayChu Chu Rocket: Great puzzle game, with a competitive multiplayer mode for up to four local playersSpace Channel 5: A music game that has you helping a space news reporter (you heard me) dance. Very bizarre, very fun.Crazy Taxi: I cannot do this game justice in my writing. Just go look up Crazy Taxi gameplay online.And so many more.With its second screen in the controller's memory card and its amazing library of games, this console is a boon to own today. Used Dreamcast games are often sold for $10 or less on Amazon, and that means you can quickly build a true library of games for a fraction of the cost.
Even though the mighty Sega Dreamcast was discontinued around August 2001, it remains my favorite gaming system even with the XBOX and PS-2 being wildly popular. The Dreamcast has 128-bit graphics which is still incredible and on the same powering level of PS-2. The game selection is excellent (Soul Caliber, Crazy Taxi, Shenmue, Mortal Kombat Gold, Dead or Alive 2 and a bunch of others) The Dreamcast controllers, despite looking awkward, are very comfortable to use with all the buttons and triggers in the perfect places which provides fast response. Another big plus is that the Dreamcast has 4 controller ports (Playing with friends on San Fransisco Rush 2049 couldn't be more fun!) The Dreamcast is very easy to hook up, plays music cds and has an optional phone jack where you can go on the net.I have never been more pleased with a video game console than with the Sega Dreamcast. Great games, Great power, great graphics and great features. What more could you want? Log onto E-Bay or here at Amazon to see if you can buy this awesome gaming machine today!
I played a Dreamcast.  To be honest, I'm waiting for GameCube. I don't need a DVD player, Sony. But I saved my pennies for PS2 anyway and I went to Toys R US to buy a couple of PS2 games (so that when my friends at Amazon said 'we have your PS2 for you,' I'd be ready.) While there, I played San Francisco Rush 2049. Awesome. Long story short: for LESS than the cost of a PS2 and ONE game, I got the Dreamcast, FOUR games (NHL2K, NFL2K1, Rush 2049, and Jedi Power Battles), and a memory pack. The games look and play beautifully in all their 129-bit glory. And the hockey--a first generation version, I might add--easily rivals EA Sports' game. NFL2K1, based on what I've seen of Madden PS2 at Circuit City and online, is just as good if not better. You get more bang for your buck with the Dreamcast. I may even keep mine when the GameCube comes out--that's how impressive it is.
This was my teenage son's first game system.  He remembers it very fondly and still had games for it.  So, I decided to purchase this as a surprise gift for him.  He was so excited to have one again, he broke out the games then and there and played all night long--recalling great memories from when he was younger.
You try to find a system out or coming out now that has internet access for multiplayer games. Yeah other systems are going to have them but dreamcast has it now!
i can still remember the day i had one of these bad boys. this system, i believe, was the start of those shiny 3-d graphics that is in the new systems of today. the system came out i think in 98 or 99 and is still a good system to own. my pops bought it for me brand new from, at that time, funcoland. (yeah, you remember that video game store that used to rip people off, now replaced by gamestop. you probably still remember the song too)i forget what my first game was but i know i owned crazy taxi and hydrothunder at one point. loved both of those games. very fun. liked hydro thunder the most because of the way the boats "transformed" when you went over a power up. the graphics were amazing at that time and the games where very good.i even had a gameshark for it that you plugged into the controller. i didnt per say like the controller to much (the xbox seems to have modified the sega's controller a lil' bit, especiall considering the fact that the original xbox had memory units you plugged into the controller itself just like the dreamcast controller) the visual memory unit was probaby the best and is still the best memory card ever made in my opinion on any system from any year. the fact you can save and still play those games on it that you save is just amazing. no system has done that before and to tell you the truth probably never will since they all seemed to use hard drives now.i do remember some type of game disc that came out sometime in mid to late 99 or 2000 that you can use to play your playstation one games on the dreamcast. the man that created the disc had, i think, just one game and that was gran turismo 2. i had that disc and remember the graphics on gt2 and  how so much more improved they were.the creator said on his web site that he was trying to get other stores to participate and sell his product if he can sell enough of them but that never happened. i remember going to his web site and seeing sonic the hedgehog standing by a tomb stone weeping at the death of the product he was trying to create.then the unthinkable happened. the dreamcast itself died. i think it was only in production for a year or so before sega pulled the plug. very sad situation. and to think that the dreamcast was on its way to become something big. but all isnt lost, maybe the dreamcast paved the way for playstation and xbox to be where they are today, maybe, i dont know. i kept my dreamcast for another year and traded it in for the ps2 in 2001 and traded my ps2 in for the xbox in 2002. i never forgot about the dreamcast, though, and how great of a system it was to me and seeing this on amazon not only brings me back to when video games where really starting to get good but also just bring me back to my child hood. i think i was like 13 or something. but to me this was one of the best game systems.
The Sega Dreamcast was/is the last system that Sega released. If I remember right, the Dreamcast is a 128bit system. The Dreamcast system also came out in black (Sports edition) which both versions are cool! The dreamcast was ahead of it's time in my opinion. Sega implemented the 4 player ports built into the console, like N64. Sega also did something that Nintendo eventually became known for. Which is making a controller that seemed/seems gimmickey. The controller has a hollowed out mid-section, which has a port for for a memory car. The N64 had already had the memory card slot in their controller. However, the Sega Dreamcast controller had a open space, which would allow gamers to use a special memory card (VMU card). The special memory card had a screen & buttons on it. Which would allow you to see things on the screen that wouldn't not appear on your TV screen. For example, if you we're playing NBA 2K, and you slam dunked....The screen would have a animated reaction to the dunk! The screen would also show you your in game stats,ect... It was a very cool idea. The Dreamcast is not a HD system. It has the RF and AV capabilities. However, a cool thing with Dreamcast is that there is a device (VGA box) that allows you to hook up the Dreamcast to it, & then the VGA box to your LCD/plasma TV's & it comes in super sharp! You have to buy the VGA box seperately & most to my knowledge are not Sega brand. I recommend getting itto play Dreamcast on the current TV's! The Sega Dreamcast had many awesome titles to play. Some of the best games for this system are:Marvel vs Capcom 1 & 2Giga Wing 1&2Resident Evil 2 (it's rare)OuttriggerNBA 2K1Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1&2GTA 2Soul CaliberPlasma SwordSonic AdventureExpendablesReady 2 RumbleSega RallyVirtua Fighter 3Crazy TaxiAlso I recommend buying the extension cords for your controllers. It's like an extra 6FT of cord!There are other great-good games for this system, which I can't think of at the moment. If you have yet to own a Sega Dreamcast, but love collecting various systems, I recommend getting one! The Dreamcast is a classic game system. Which is still fun to play to this day! Long live Sega & all other gaming!!!!
The late Sega Dreamcast was a grand to look at.  It was the best Sega had ever done and that's saying alot.  Sega went out with a bang with this masterpiece of a system.  This is the first system to also introduce Online Gaming.  That's right the Sega Dreamcast started with the Online.  Sega was on a role with this game when it first hit stores for about 199.99 and the system was worth it.  It was just breath of fresh air.It first hit stores in the U.S in September of 1999 and Sega was on a role with such titles as Sonic Adventure and Soul Calibur but the Dreamcast Ultimatley fails with not enough Sales because of the oh so popular Playstation 2.  Ps2 was beating the DC really bad which cause Sega to lose lots of sales but sega wouldn't go down with a fight as they bring some of the best games ever to kick The ps2 out of buisness but with lots and lots of advertising utlimatley...The Dreamcast had bin defeated.  Later some were between the year of 2000-2001 Sega announces that they will stop making DC and stop making Games for it and become a 3rd party game team.It was a sad fact but true...Sega had finally stopped and Ps2 had won but like most reviewers said....Popularity...Popularity was the cause of the Dreamcast demise.  Even today with all the games out on Playstation 2 it still doesn't beat Dreamcast's feel and wonder of what the games were like.  Dreamcast may have died but it will still live on as one of the greatest consoles to ever grace the earth.  The graphics were ahead of it's time and so were the games.  The gaming Library for Dreamcast it just awesome and I can name a few Classic must own titles..Sonic AdventureJet Grind RadioSoul CaliburShenmueSword of the BerserkChu Chu RocketSpace Channel 5Sonic Adventure 2Power StonePower stone 2and other great DC games.The dreamcast will still be one of the best games ever and that's all about it...Note*  The Dreamcast is pretty hard to find now and so are it's games so Amazon is the best place to find the games...  This system is brilliant and plays brilliant games so get it!!!!Lates.
I love the Sega Dreamcast so much. The Dreamcast has online and a Gamecube dose not. A Dreamcast is easyer. A Gamecube is more harder. Dreamcast has more better games than Gamecube. Gamecube is just a copy of a Dreamcast. I give a Gamecube a 7.5 . I give a Sega Dreamcast a 9.5 . I wish they haven't stop making games for the Dreamcast.
The Sega Dreamcast is the best system ever. I've enjoyed this system from the minute I bought it. I've always been a Sega and Nintendo fan, and mostly against Sony from the start, and this really does the trick. Of course today, everyone thinks the PS2 is the &quot;DC Killer.&quot; Not true in any way, shape or form.Sega has the best games. They don't put out games every 15 minutes like Sony- they actually think about them before releasing them. They have better racers, better action games, FAR better RPGs, and Sports games completely knock PS-X into the dirt. Graphics are superb and also superior to the PS2 as well. Compare MSR to GT 3, World Series 2K1 or NFL 2K1 to ANY sports game on PS2, NBA 2K1 to NBA Live 2001, Skies of Arcadia to any Final Fantasy, etc. This system is underrated just because it's not being made anymore.PS was hideous from the start. I NEVER thought anything on that was worth the brain cells. Awful graphics, slow loading times, stupid, pointless games- need I say more? Everyone thinks they have all these good RPGs- not true. EVERY RPG they have is just a remake of the previous with another number next to it. (Chrono Cross was just Final Fantasy with a different name, same with Legend of Dragoon.) Sega has some of the best RPGs ever and they're all completely different in gameplay and ideas, and have better graphics and replayability- Silver, Skies of Arcadia, PSO 1 and 2, Record of Lodoss War, Grandia 2, Soulreaver, etc. Same with racers- there's never been a game on PS as fun as Crazy Taxi 1 &amp; 2. Demolition Racer: No Exit blows away Twisted Metal and all, Sega GT, Tokyo Extreme 1 and 2, etc. Sports is no question. Sega has the only online games, with better gameplay and graphics. (Of course Sega is smart enough not to have games from 989- have they EVER made even a decent game?) And NO ONE has a fighting game that can compare to Soulcalibur.Yes, this system isn't given enough credit. PS2 is not superior at all- they have to bite games off Sega just to get titles (Crazy Taxi and Grandia 2 ring a bell?) I have been most pleased with this system from the start and I am not getting rid of it. I continue to play my games, which I have almost 30 of. I say Sega should continue to make games because I love them, and long live Sega!
If you truly love games and miss the times when consoles were developed with only gamers in mind, then this is your thing. It has countless great games for it. And even the crappy games are charming in their own way.
This is a great system and was very sad to see that Sega is no longer going to make systems. But have fun with this system while you still can!!!! There really cheap ...and have a slew of great titles like: Shenmue, Sonic Adventure, House of the Dead, and many many others. I recommened this even though there are more superior systems. I dont think the online game play is still active but the actual system is awesome!! Please buy and enjoy this system!!!!!!
The Sega Dreamcast was a lot of fun but was hamstrung by a lack of 3rd party developer support.  Soul Calibur, Shenmue, Worms: Armageddon, Street Fighter 3...but it wasn't enough.  Capcom was the only 3rd party developer who seemed to give it an honest chance.  The others held out for the Playstation 2.It's graphics were on par with the PS2 and the Gamecube, and it had internet connectivity that made Phantasy Star Online a great adventure.Hopefully the games library will one day be ported onto the latest generation of systems.My only complaint is the controller shape is a little wonky.  Too big (and I have big hands), like the N64 and the first Xbox.  Other than that, no complaints.
It's a shame really, how not too many people invested in this great system.  Why didn't people invest?  I have a few reasons.1.  Games: The inital Dreamcast games were not all that good, (except Sonic) and were greeted with mixed reviews, giving the Dreamcast little credibility.  Thus, low sales.2.  Bitterness:  The bitterness between Sega and it's former fans.  These fans were scared off because of Sega's history of not supporting a system for very long.  Sega's previous system, the Sega Saturn, failed due to Sega's incompetence of supporting the Saturn with a large selection of games.  Mostly because of bad marketing and hardly any third party support.3.  PS2:  With the upcoming arrival of the Playstaion 2, gamers were saving their $$$ for a PS2 instead of &quot;wasting it&quot; on a Dreamcast.Now the Dreamcast is slowly dying and the company has halted the manufacturing of new Dreamcast consoles.  Sadly, there are only somewhere around 20 more games to be released, (good ones at that!) including titles like NFL2K2.I have had the pleasure of owning a Dreamcast and have played some great games for the console.  The graphics on this thing are amazing, almost all the games are superb, and LOTS of them are breathtaking (NFL2K1, Sonic, HOTD2 ect.).In conclusion, if a PS2 is too expensive for you, right now is a good time to buy a Dreamcast.  Although the amount new games are becoming fewer and fewer, the old ones are selling at GREAT prices.  So instead of having a PS2 and maybe one or two expensive games for it, you could own a Dreamcast and have many.LONG LIVE DREAMCAST!
Okay, so you've heard SEGA has ceased its Dreamcast production. You're probably discouraged from buying the DC because you are afraid that there won't be any new games to play in the future.  If you think that, you're wrong.  Sega's announcement on their permanent halt to producing more DC consoles have actually helped us customers.  Most important, the console price dropped ...--quite affordable to almost everyone.Sega promises to continue making more games; I presume the future SEGA games will be even better because now SEGA can focus on producing a great game instead of worrying about how much they are losing profits on the consoles. Because SEGA will be a game maker for not only DC, but also for other systems such as PSone and 2, and X-box, they will have to be in the competitive market with other software producers; SEGA must not only live up to the standard people are used to seeing and playing, (i.e. NFL 2K1, Phantasy Star Online, SOnic), they will have to improve to win an edge over others.  It means, consumers will see amazing games from SEGA, many of them playable on-line on DSL modems.  The new web browser (v.2.6 ??) comes with a useful function where you can talk to anyone in the world who owns a SEGA (with a microphone) for free; you can call anyone on a telephone for a small price.Just get yourself a DC and a copy of NFL 2K1.  I guarantee you WILL get your money's worth.
I own two Dreamcasts along with many of its games and since its release in 1999 this system still holds up against all the other modern video gaming console systems. In video gaming there are many intangibles or feelings you get about playing the system that make it an enjoyable experience. Sega Dreamcast was one of those console gaming systems that set a higher standard for all future video game consoles. It is unfortunate that Sega was "out-marketed" by Sony with its much hyped PS2 because I believe the Dreamcast system would still be a solid contender today if Sega had the financial strength of a mammoth company like Microsoft. Today the Dreamcast console is seen by many as simply one of the most recent casualties in the increasingly competitive video gaming world.I will never forget the first time I saw the impressive 3-D graphical capabilities of the Dreamcast while watching the game Soul Calibur being played. I remember the stunningly life like visuals in the state of the art sports game NFL2k. But one of the most memorable moments I ever had was the first time I played NFL2k1 and later NFL2k2 online using the Dreamcast with its built in 56k modem.  I had the Dreamcast keyboard plugged in along with the regular game controller and I remember the excitement and awe that we all expressed while we text chatting back and forth with each other between matches. The game play over the 56k modem was not perfect but overall it was amazingly good. It was the first time that the world experienced any kind of real online console gaming of this type.  I knew right then that this online experience eventually would become the future of video gaming.The Dreamcast was so far ahead of its time but it is far from being forgotten.  After four years of holding out I just recently purchased an XBox and a new slim PS2.  The XBox is a great system with all the accessories built in like a hard drive, ethernet, DVD play capability, Dolby Digital 5.1 support, HDTV wide-screen support, etc. and I highly recommend it. I especially like the Halo 1 & Halo 2 games as well as most of the sports games like NFL2k5.  The tiny slim PS2 is also a great little system and has a massive library of newer PS2 and the older PS1 games.  I see technologies that were developed for the Dreamcast as having been designed into both of these newer console systems like the XBox's dynamic controller and the new PS2's built in modem and ethernet for online gaming.  The Dreamcast will be historically remembered  as one of the most significant breakthroughs for console system gaming with its introduction of highly realistic and life like 3-D graphics, its super realistic sound quality, and for being the first console to support the current presentation of live online gameplay.  Long live the Dreamcast, its legacy, and its impact on the world of video games!
My two favorite game systems both had short lives and a great software library (partially due to the fantastic imports available from Japan and elsewhere). They were also both made by Sega. The Sega Saturn and the Sega Dreamast. Even when the Dreamcast was set to launch, people feared it wouldn't last long. Ultimately they were proved right. Sony and Nintendo (not to mention Microsoft) were just too big, and their advertising too effective. And let's not forget one of the hard and fast rules of commericalism: original ideas don't usually make money. Let's face it, most of the games to come out for these new game systems were copy-cat versions of previous games (don't get me started on the sequel subject, just how long do we have before Tony Hawk 22 and Tomb Raider 13 come out anyway?). But unlike the game systems that now rule...Dreamcast was something different.Perhaps the greatest strength of the Dreamcast was along its undoing. Sega wanted to rule the game market of the future. They invested a fortune in making the Dreamcast online capable. Every dreamcast came with a built-in modem (take that Nintendo adn Sony). Out of the box, the Dreamcast was internet ready. And the games that were released over the life of the Dreamcast...man. But like I said, original games are slow to be accepted, and more than that, a lot of the games that were released needed to have the bugs ironed out and the gameplay adjusted. Sega was just in too much of a hurry. And as many undoubted know, the console world STILL doesn't seem to be ready to embrace the internet (I have NEVER seen anyone play a console game online).But if all this is so, why does this system deserve five stars? Why is it one of my favorite game systems? Why do I play it more than my PS2? Because for everything that Sega did wrong, they did so much right. Take controller ports. The system supports FOUR! That means that the PS2 version of Tennis 2K2 supports two players, while the Dreamast version supports four! But the real kicker is...The Dreamcast has more great games for it than any system ever except perhaps the Saturn. Name any kind of game. Sega has something for you. Like multi-player strategy? Worms Armageddon and Worms World Party. Like fighting games? Soul Calibur (the greatest fighting game ever made). Like arcade racing games? Sega Rally 2 and Hydro Thunder, both as arcade perfect as it gets. Want a shooter? How about the import of Ikaruga? How about Mars Matrix? It goes on and on. The first cell-shaded game was on Dreamcast (Jet Grind Radio). The first 3D sonic game (Sonic Adventure). Not to mention that many great Playstation games came out in superior form on Dreamcast (Spiderman, Hydro Thunder, Worms, Tomb Raider, Dino Crisis ect).Really I ask you, what more can you want from a game system? You can buy one for less than $50.00. The games set you back $5.00 or less in many cases. And a whole heck of a lot of them are better than what's out or coming out for the game systems everyone else is playing. This is truly a game system for the hardcore, the master game player, the collector, and even the person on a budget. I'm never getting rid of mine. I hope you buy one now and come to the same conclusion.
Sega Dreamcast isn't state-of-the-art anymore, but this was the foundation of our modern game consoles. It introduced complex online gaming. It showed what a 3D game could really look like. And, most important of all, it was fun and creative. Although it lasted less then a year (thanks to stupid ugly Sony and their clunky uncreative Playstation 2) in North America, it got a lot of crazy games onto the market. Sonic Adventure is a great game that set the base of who Sonic would be in the modern era. Yet this time Sega didn't stop at Sonic. Crazy Taxi, Jet Grind Radio, Chu Chu Rocket, and a ton of sports games and RPGs all made the Dreamcast the place for creativity. Not only that, Dreamcast introduced the VMU, a Gameboy-style memory card with a monochrome screen that displayed game information and occasionally even let you play games on it.In conclusion, while Dreamcast was short lived (in America anyway) it introduced a lot of concepts used in todays console and has a lot of fun games. They are more durable then a Playstation 2, but not quite as durable as Gamecube, and they occasionally have a problem where they don't read discs (but I think it is fixable). Durability aside, it is a great console that Sega put their heart into making.
I love the Dreamcast.  But I came to that realization too late in its life cycle.  I didn't buy this console until December 2000 as a combination Christmas present for myself and my cousins.  It's unfortunate that shortly after that Sega essentially disowned the machine.  They are still developing for it, but that action had an effect on the development houses outside of Sega.  That's not to say that everyone but Sega is jumping ship, though.There are a lot of fantastic games that look as good or nearly as good as the PS2 (which I also have).  And to be completely honest, I enjoy the Dreamcast more now because of the wealth of fantastic games it has to offer.  In time, I'm sure the PS2 will catch up and surpass the Dreamcast, but right now the Dreamcast is the machine that offers the most fun for your dollar, by far.Bottom line, excellent graphics, excellent sound, online games, and hundreds of excellent titles to choose from for all ages.  Sega got everything right this time, it just happened too late for them to recover what was lost after a series of bad moves.  But that doesn't mean we can't benefit and enjoy the fruits of their labors.
Let me start off by saying that I'm a huge Nintendo fan, but that is largly in part because they put out some really great and often historical games.  Who can forget Mario, or Zelda?  Or how about the lovable Fox McCloud from Starfox?  These are gaming benchmarks that have now been made with the Dreamcast.  Second off, I really think Playstation is a good system but lacks what Sega and Nintendo have.. GAMEPLAY!!  Most of Playstations games are nothing but a big cinematic heap and 2 minutes of gameplay. With that said, I just want to point out that Sega is a company that has seen nothing but hardships in there day, with Nintendo and Sony playing the main cards, Sega has really come to be the fallback system.  Sega has never really caught my eye until the Dreamcast and that is simply because with its technology, creators can really push that extra mile to get a game as good as they can get it.  Shenmue is an example of such a game (not to mention Soul Calibur).  While Dreamcast maybe the fallback system, it's a system definatly worth buying since many great games come with this little square box.  My hat goes off to Sega, they stayed in the race for a long time, I can't wait to see there next system. It's Thinking...
Dreamcast has excellent games that you can now purchase for bargain prices. To name a few - Power Stone 2, Project Justice, Vanishing Point, Vigilante 8.Plus its the single ONLY system that has the year 1999 version of Soul Calibur.For the price of one XBox system, you can purchase 10 great dreamcast games!
I know this review is just a few years too late but I felt compelled to write it.  I can't understand how the Dreamcast failed, I own a PS2, XBOX and a Gamecube and considering the amount of time it was out for it outperformed all of those consoles for classic games.  I mainly use my PS2 now, mainly because it has basically full third party support, i'm not interested in performance and specifications, just the number of good games available.  Nintendo are extremely overrated, and I consider my Gamecube a waste of money and I have a few great Xbox games but I wouldn't reccomend it over the Dreamcast.In just a couple of years the following classics started out on Dreamcast:  Resident Evil Code VeronicaVirtua Tennis 1&2Jet Set RadioMetropolis Street RacerShenmue 1&2Phantasy Star OnlineSkies Of ArcadiaHeadhunterthat is just to name a few, and it is more amazing considering that the Dreamcast received such little third party support.  It just goes to show that if you dont get support from EA, and their rubbish sport games, which just have a new number on the end every year, then a console can't suceed, sad but true.
The DreamCast is a truely remarkable game system with online support and tons of great games. It is said that by the end of March Sega will stop making them and develop only games. If this is the case which it seems to be, you best get one now as games like Resident Evil: Code Veronica, any StreetFighter you need, Shenmue, Grandia 2, Skies of Arcadia, Ecco the Dolphin, Crazy Taxi, Phantasy Star Online, Sonic Adventure 1 and 2, and many many more are excellent games.
9/9/99 is a date that'll live on forever in the hearts and minds of gamers, as it gave birth to one of the greatest game consoles in existence. The Dreamcast not only paid homage to the past with its incredible library of arcade titles, but it was also a system that pushed the limits and was way ahead of its time. The Dreamcast offered crisp and amazing visuals, which are even more amazing through VGA. In addition to system's technical power, it also offered things like the VMU, online capabilities, etc. The Dreamcast was an absolute powerhouse. Sadly, despite its incredible launch and impressive short lifespan, the Dreamcast fell victim to the hype from the Playstation 2. Instead of buying the Dreamcast, many decided to hold off and pre-order the much anticipated Playstation 2. However, despite the Playstation 2's massive game library, I believe the Dreamcast is the vastly superior system.Shenmue? Check! Shenmue II? Check! Crazy Taxi? Check! Crazy Taxi 2? Check! Sonic Adventure? Check! Sonic Adventure 2? Check! Jet Grind Radio? Check! Illbleed? Check! D2? Check! Omikron: The Nomad Soul? Check! Rippin' Riders? Check! Propeller Arena? Check! Skies of Arcadia? Check! Under Defeat? Check! Border Down? Check! Ikaruga? Check! Zero Gunner 2? Check! Mars Matrix? Check! Triggerheart Exelica? Check! Castle Shikigami 2? Check! Psyvariar 2? Check! Last Hope: Pink Bullets? Check! Fast Striker? Check! Trizeal? Check! Karous? Check! Chaos Field? Check! Gunbird 2? Check! Gigawing? Check! Gigawing 2? Check! Zombie Revenge? Check! House of the Dead 2? Check! Typing of the Dead? Check! ChuChu Rocket? Check! Cosmic Smash? Check! Seaman? Check! Confidential Mission? Check! Daytona USA 2001? Check! This is just the tip of the iceberg.There are still games coming out from independent developers. Both GunLord and Sturmwind are announced to arrive sometime soon.Folks, the "Dream(cast)" still lives.
dreamcast is the greatest system... too bad it died early....only the good die young! see if you can get your hands on one today!
First of all,let me say this is a great system. Now lets go to the good stuff:controllers:Excellent. They are well designed and have a anolog stick or D-Pad choice,plenty of buttons in convenient positions plus to on the back. Basically a cross between the N64 and Xbox controllers. Games:Who cares if it doesn't have as many games as Playstation! It's got plenty of good titles that it does have:Sonic Adventure 2,18 Wheeler,and Demolition Racer to name just a few. Tee Off isn't as good as Mario Golf for the N64,but it is still good. Also,Sonic Adventure has something SA2 doesn't have,adventure boards! Although this can make the game frusturating at times,it is still cool.(okay,so maybe these are the only games I've played for DC other than Sonic Shuffle,which I hate and is nowhere close to Mario Party 2,but they are still good and I've also played Wacky Races,which is a very fun and cool racing game,but is kind of fursturating at times). Another cool thing is the web browser which is compatible with the DC keyboard and mouse(and version 2.0 of it even comes with a simple yet cool game called Sega Swirl). Now as for the memory cards,there's not much to say other than that they can hold plenty of info and are at a reasonable price. Multiplayer capablity:This system has almost as good as multiplayer as PC,because it has plenty of good multiplayer games plus you can play on the internet and it comes with 4 controller ports! Graphics:They might be a bit under that of Playstation 2,Nintendo Gamecube,Xbox,or a new PC,but they are still quite amazing especially for their time(the game I've played that I think has the best graphics is Sonic Adventure 2). Pricing:amazing! This console a lot cheaper than PS One,yet it is even better! Plus it has the feature that was first introduced on PS One,the ability to play Music CD's!(but the CD playback isn't as good as other systems though). To sum it up,this is a great system with quality games,accessories,internet,.and multiplayer capablities! It may have been the first 128-bit system,but in some gamers eyes,it is the best(but I still no PS2 and GC are better).
I have always been a Sega fan.  Through Genesis right up to this.  Let's just say that I am so very happy that I came along this.  Now, I see that there is a war of gaming systems and every one is confused on which one to buy:  PS2 or a Dreamcast.  I for one have played both:  A few weeks ago, my cousin had rented a PS2.  He called me about it, saying how great and grand it was, and I was curious in seeing it.  I got there and played it and was dissapointed.  There is nothing new.  You look at Madden 2001 and NFL2K1 and you can't even tell them apart.  PS2 launch titles were just dumb games trying to showcase how great PS2 is.  None of them made any sense.  So I turned and looked deeper into the Dreamcast.  I became more and more obsessed with it.  Games like Shenmue, Resident Evil: Code Veronica blow PS2 out of the water.  Just save your money and get a Dreamcast...that sort of sums it up.
Yep, don't fall for the PS2 hype and the glitchy DVD player @ 100 dollars MORE than a Dreamcast. Step right up and get a taste of what real videogaming is like. This system has the power, the library, and the price.  If you are looking for more, you won't find it. Games to try: Sonic  Adventure and Crazy Taxi ... around Xmas these games will be ... as  well, while PS2 games that are inferior will be .... Can I make it any  clearer?
The Sega dreamcast was Sega's last console before they got out of the console buisiness.The games are amazing, the graphics are amazing as well. The VMU is the memory card. Like the original xbox, the memory card plugs into your controller. at the front of the controller there is a hole. when you put the memory card in the first slot on your controller. It will looks like your controller has a screen on it. Sadly, like the gameboy the VMU only has 1 color. The controller feels comfortable in your hand. The Analog stick can be a little wobbly at times. You can also take your VMU anywhere you go! and play some little games on it like you did on the pocket station.
My brother and I,bought a Dreamcast last two week ago because of the price went down,so when we hook it up the console the first game we got was SuperRoundabout San Francisco Edition and Street Fighter 3 Double Impact.The 128 bit graphic look amazing,is a bright sharp graphic we ever seen.Dreamcast graphic look better then N64 we own and the best thing about this console that is small.Is amazing this little console can do like you can use has a internet which million of people know already and a cd audio too.Is sad to hear that sega is not making anymore Dreamcast this year because PS2 is a top seller,but I hope the game maker like Capcom,Eidos,Activision and other company that support Dreamcast still make more game this year.Why we buy this console that we know Sega is not making Dreamcast console anymore instead we didn't buy Playstation 2?That why we pick Dreamcast because the price is good and it's little bit same has PS2 which Dreamcast doesn't have DVD compatible but is still a great console. :-)&quot;BUY ONE IF YOU LIKE&quot;.
Don't let being a casual gamer fool you into not buying the Dreamcast because it's development will stop on March 31, 2000! That has nothing to do with the 100+ games that are still coming out for it. By 2002, Dreamcast should have 350 games! I have played my Dreamcast over 2000 hours, and have not one regret of my purchase. I've also got one of my teachers to buy a Dreamcast from my strong recommendation. He really loves playing it, and thanked my personally for helping him decide on whether or not to get one. If you want to play multi-player games, Dreamcast is your best bet! The built-in modem is second-to-none in terms of being a great idea. Online gaming is here, and Dreamcast is best. My recommendations for online games are: Phantasy Star Online, NFL 2K1, NBA 2K1, Quake III Arena, Speed Devils Online, and Chu Chu Rocket. My offline recommendations are: Sonic Adventure, Shenmue, Resident Evil CODE: Veronica, Rayman 2, Soul Calibur, Test Drive Le Mans, Samba de Amigo, Seaman, Gundam Side Story, Crazy Taxi, etc., etc., etc.!! Dreamcast has the best line-up of games, I can't list all of them! About 1 of every 9 Dreamcast games is a bad-egg. Almost hard to not find a good one! For the love of gaming, pick one up.
DC:128 Bits!Very comfortable controller!4 Controller ports! *very many games allow up to 4 players*All games on both the PSX and DC are better on DC!Same goes for some DC games on PS2!Online gamepay!56K MODEM: UPGRADEABLE TO DSL/CABLE/T1!200 BLOCKS OF MEMORY ON VMU'S!MINI GAMES TO PLAY AND DOWNLOAD ON VISUAL MEMORY UNITS!OVER 200 GAMES!I can go on and on and on and on.....!Games Available:Marvel Vs. Capcom 1 and 2!DOA2!NBA, NHL, NFL, 2K 2K1 and 2K2!Crazy Taxi 1 and 2!Shenmue!Capcom Vs. Snk 1 (And Japanese Import version of 2)!Soul Calibur!All Street Fighter 3's!Street Fighter Alpha 3!23 Games Shown Here, only 4 of which appear on PS2 and 2 on PSX!Bottom line, THE ONE AND ONLY SEGA DREAMCAST RULES!! Please listen to me and all others who gave it a 4-5 star rating! I'D EVEN GIVE IT 10 IF IT WERE POSSIBLE!
I have always been into video games. I was looking forward to buying one of the new systems when one night my mom came home and on the table she put down two controllers,two games, and two memory cards. I asked her why she bought all that stuff and she told me that she got it for an amazingly low price. She thought that it would be a great gift for someone that had the console. Then she allowed me to take one controller out of the box and hold it. I was stunned by how comfortable it was. So then I looked at the box and it said "for use with the SEGA Dreamcast" on it. So then I started to wonder if the Dreamcast is good. after doing some research I decided that the Dreamcast was very cheap but well worth the money. So I decided to get a Dreamcast instead of one of the new systems and I save a couple of hundred bucks.Now let's take a closer look at the controller.When you first look at the controller it might seem like the weirdest thing ever. IN A GOOD WAY! When you pick it up and grab it it feels perfect. It does not only feel perfect, but it is perfect. To this day I have not found a single flaw with the controller. The buttons are perfectly positioned. The controller is simple and yet not too simple. Unlike the PS2 controller! The analog thumb pad is in the right spot and so are the analog thumb triggers.On the bottom of the controller is a little slot that you can stick the cable in so it is not in the way. The controller also has two slots in the bach fer a visual memory unit and a jump pack. In the front of the controller is a hole so you can see the screen of the VMU, which displays graphics according to whatever game you are playing. The plug fits easily into the controller port. Like I already said that this is a very good deal. You should get a couple of extras before they are all sold out.Overall this is the best controller I have ever used.If my mom wouldn't have gotten this controller then I propabply wouldn't have a Dreamcast and I wouldn't have written this review.I hope that this helped you out!
at first when i SAW the dreamcast controller... i was like...&quot;it looks kinda weird.&quot; BUT after i bought the dreamcast... played games on it.. i was like &quot;HEY! I dont need to shake my hand off with this thing.&quot; My point is... the Dreamcast Controller doesnt hurt ur two pointing fingers like the playstation and super nintendo controller do. I can play with the DC controller for hours! whoever made this controller was BRILLIANT!but if u are used to playing playstation... the buttons are TOTALLY OPPOSITE... the A button where u would think the x button is... so u got to get used to the buttons first.. took me about 4 days.
I'm so happy these are still available brand new, in the box and at a great price!  I just recently bought a Dreamcast.  I wanted one badly when they first came out but went with a PlayStation instead.  Looking forward to playing a few games now.
This remote was revolutionary for its time. It brought me back in time when I started using it. The controller I received was the European version, but it still functioned with my system.
A lot of people thought that this controller was way to big and that it wasnt good. But me I thought differently. I thought it was a pretty unique controller in its own form. Kind of big, yes it is but it still has a great feel to it. Like the VMU slot to, the opening in the middle so you can see the screen. Great controller.
Ok, so the controller is pretty blucky, but if you are a true gamer, and have a JAPANESE IMPORT OF CAMCOM VS. SNK 2: MILLIONARE FIGHTING 2001(MARK OF THE MILLENIUM 2001 IN THE U.S.A), then you will deffinetly play it, and you will get used to it, plus, when this console has some of the best games for the cheapest price, then you will get used to it, infact, you will want to get used to it badly!
The PlayStation, Playstation2, and Gamecube use memory cards to hold the data of a saved game, but Dreamcast went one step further with the Visual Memory Unit, or VMU for short.  Rather than just a memory card, saved games could unlock minigames and the unit's screen also show in game features such as health condition for games.
The Visual Memory Unit is for Sega's Dreamcast game console and connected to the systems controller to interface with games. It was a truly innovative, but underutilized accessory by game developers who used it to simply save data, which it did wonderfully.  The V.M.U was more than a glorified memory card; it was something that could easily enhance any game, if only a little extra time was invested into the overall product. Unfortunately only a modest handful Dreamcast titles took advantage the V.M.U, like Jet Grind Radio, Power Stone, Shenmue and Street Fighter Alpha 3 among others that added extra features or mini games. The Visual Memory Unit design resembles a miniaturized version of Nintendo's original Gameboy. The LCD screen is placed above the D-pad and other buttons, which are situated close together., but the whole unit fits nicely in the palm of your hand.  Even though the 200 blocks of memory on the V.M.U is enough to store numerous average sized save files, it leaves very little room when saving games like Sega's classic 2K sports series that require more space. Perhaps because of the modest storage size, but files aren't prone to being corrupted, even after nearly a decade.  Overall, the Visual Memory Unit is a necessity for any Dreamcast owner, but I'd highly recommend purchasing a spare as a backup (units can even interlock to exchange files). Beware though, the V.M.U drains batteries at an alarming rate, but time sure does fly when your having fun!
great item and i love the visual memory unit because its the first  visual memory card too :D :D :D.
The Sega VMU is simply amazing. It is not just a memory card, but it also shows the last time you used your game, a clock and games that you can download of Sega Net. It also has a great LCD screen which you can use to choose your plays in football games so your friends don't cheat. The only problem is the battery power is weak and it the VMU only holds 200 blocks which is just enough to save one Sega Sports 2K2. The Sega VMU is still a great deal...
I had one of these when I was a kid, but for what ever reason it went missing. For as long as i kept playing my Dreamcast i could never save my games. Now i decided to find one so i can relive my childhood with this and it looks and works exactly how i remember it from way back when.
Like many other reviewers have stated the battery life on this unit is very short. But other than that this memory card is the best you will find. Have at least one or two of these on hand. Why you ask? Play any of the Sega Sports titles and you will find out. Happy Gaming and Go Sooners!
Trust SEGA to take something simple as a memory card and transform it into an awesome accessory that does more than that. The VMU saves data and downloads small games which can be played on its self-contained screen and controls. They're abundant and very cheap, making for one of the easiest consoles to get memory cards for. It just doesn't get much cooler than this.
First off, this is not the only color of the memory cards.  There are many colors.  You can save games onto this from Dreamcast games.  It works as a clock.  You can manage and copy files, and the connector things on the end allow you to connect it to another VMU.  it's great.  Trust me.And now, the drawbacks:1. Minigames take up loads of space 2. Copying files to other VMUs without using the Dreamcast is slow 3. The standard color is dull.Except for the 3 drawbacks I mentioned, this is worth every penny that you spend.
It's a non-generic memory card.
Considering past memory cards for past systems may not have had all the memory one could have hoped for, Sega decided to change things up when they released the Dreamcast.  The Dreamcast VMU (Visual Memory Unit) is a step ahead in designing home system memory cards.  Included is a small LCD screen with working buttons to play mini-games along with other features (for example raising Chaos in Sonic Adventure or playing a Pac-Man type game with Namco Museum).  You can take the top off the VMU and transfer files into another VMU or link it up to play mini-games together.  The VMU can hold up to 200 blocks of memory, and while this may seem like a lot, most of Sega's 2K2 sports titles take just about 200 blocks of memory just to save options let alone a team season.  Not to mention that after a while the battery life of the VMU LCD screen will die, and that happens quicker than expected, but the LCD screen isn't necessarily needed if your just using the VMU as a memory card and nothing more.  All in all, I would recommend at least 3 or 4 VMU's for Dreamcast owners; they're cheap and affordable and you can still find them at game retailers.
I'm gonna make this short and sweet for you.You got a Dreamcast?...GET THIS!  It will "obvioulsy" save some of the biggest and baddest DC games around.  Too far In Soul Calibur?  Had enough skatin' and doin' some nice Graffiti in Jet Grind Radio?SAVE ITDREAMCAST RULES!BUY IT AND BUY THE VMU!Lates.
The idea of having a memory card that can also douple up as a mini game itself is very clever.  The Vmu will save you data and also gives you the facility to exchange data with a friend by conecting the two VMU's together.  The VMU is also a clock, the VMU also turns into a miny game.  The mini game works depending on what information is saved.  For instance if you had power stone and complete the game with different characters you are awarded a prize, one of the prizes is a mini fruit machine to play on the VMU.  If you had sonic you can gain a little cyber pet type creature which you raise on the VMU to help your progress on the actual game.  So overall SEGA have come up with one fancy gadget.
For me, the VMU just saves games and displays useful information to me in the controller window for certain games.  And those tasks it does a fine job at.  You just have to have one of these for each controller that gets used on a regular basis.  The display is what cinches it because, frankly, they don't have enough memory on their own.  NFL2K1 alone will chew up one of these guys if you play a season.I use 2 controllers often, so I bought 2.  For regular saves, I bought one of the 4 page jobbies that quadruple the storage of these in the same amount of space.  I just slap that one in the first controller's second port.  There's no display on the larger memoried one.  But that does mean I forsake the use of the vibrating gizmos.  But since I've never tried one on the DC, I don't feel like I'm missing anything.The price is steep, but I prefer getting it from Sega than someone else.  Had they produced one of the modules that stores more like the others, I'd have gotten that from Sega as well.
You cant go wrong with having this with the Dreamcast. Just a memory card pretty much with a screen. Good stuff.Love live the Dreamcast!
Great Game. THis game made me so unboard during the summer of 2001! THe graphics are O.K. but TEkken 4 is going to be better. THis game is you are trying to be the winner of the Iron Fist Tournament 3 or something like that. Great Game overall.
OK, I am going to start off by saying, as you might have guessed from the title, I've played this BRILLIANT game in the ARCADE, not on the Playstation. But then again, who cares?! It's the same game and it's equally fun! This is among the best fighting games I've ever played. I love it, I love it, I love it. So many cool characters are in this game, including nearly all of my top 10 favorite heroes and villains, as well as the best(and only)neutral fighter here, Yoshimitsu. Anyway, here it goes. This game is about trying to protect the world from a soul eating ogre. On to the pros and cons.ProsThe fighters are wonderfully made & if you know how to use them, real ass kickersMy favorite Tekken hero(King, half jaguar, half man, all wrestler)favorite Tekken neutrality(Yoshimitsu, half machine, half man, all warrior)and favorite Tekken villain (Nina Williams, half hottie, half scorned woman, all assassin)are featured here. Yep, you got it. The top 3 coolest fighters(in my opinion)all get a great role in this gameYou can see bursts of energy and blood coming out whenever you hit your opponentThe sound effects, music and noises the characters make are damn near perfectThe graphics, while I'd prefer them 3-D not 2-D, are still very good for a game that was made in the 1990s and I would never want them taken away for that reasonThere are a lot of other great fighters too, such as Gun Jack(he's really powerful and his only weakness is not being too fast)and there are fighters even better than he, such as Jin Kazama and Paul Phoenix(who by the way are both AMONG my favorites, they rock so much!)and Hwoarang, who's not as good as Gun Jack but still rocks bigThe final boss, Ogre/True Ogre(I count him as two villains)looks to be very powerful and very difficult to defeat, but there's a special trick to defeat him as though you were teaching a tired cat to yawn: You just gotta play as King and kick the s*** out of him. Trust me, I've done it twice. You fight Ogre as King, he's got no hope. PeriodThere is a very cool gold and lightning backround surrounding the red sign that will say "You are the champion" if you win the game. Not to mention the credits will give you a free replay of your victories against your opponents & how you defeated themFinally, for the last pro, other cool characters than the ones mentioned are here(they are not as cool as King, Yoshimitsu, Nina, Jin, Bryan Fury, who's also here, Paul, Gun Jack, Heihachi Mishima, the second to last boss, Hwoarang, Kazuya Mishima, here without first mention, or Lei Wulong, who also is here without the first mention, but they still really, really rock and I love them all) They include Anna Willaims, a great villain who not only is better than Ogre but also Nina's sister, Julia Chang, a good looking woman and a skilled fighter, but she really has got to do something about her hair, Eddy Gordo, a really cool 50-Cent like hero who dresses in yellow & green, Forest Law, brother of the awesome Marshall Law who he's just as fast & skilled as, Kuma, a cool looking grizzly bear fighter who really knows how to bring down the house(literally)and Panda, her brother is Kuma and she is cute if not a little bit of a softie. Oh well, she's a pretty decent fighter if you know how to use her. Nuff saidConsThe only con is that so far there is only one Tekken game better than this one-the fabulous Tekken 4. Don't know how I'll judge Tekken 5, but whatever. This game is absolutely flawless and for now only the Tekken 4 coming after it is better. PeriodAll in all, this is a game you must have if you like Tekken or if you just plain like to play cool beat-em-up games. I recommend this to all people with one or both of those traits. P.S. The only beat-em-up game better than Tekken is Mortal Kombat. My name is Alex K "Catman" (for my love of lions, tigers, jaguars and all other cool animals, cats or otherwise)Have a nice day. And if you got the money, buy the game.
The Tekken games have always been the most popular fighters for the ps1. Tekken1 was very blocky, bad character details, and did not move very smoothly. However it still had fun game play, and unlike the other tekkens it offered great challenges, and moves that were always fun to learn. Then, Tekken2 came out, and was a vast improvement over the first. It had more moves and combo systems, better graphics, and new characters. Then Tekken3, the best tekken and the best fighter for the ps1. It features many new characters, lots of moves and combo systems. Good, smooth graphics, and nice looking FMV sequences. New modes such as tekken force (a very fun side scrolling game, similar to the old nes game, double dragon). A very addictive and fun minigame called tekken ball mode (play it with some friends, it's a blast). Also, all the normal modes such as survival, arcade, and time trial are all there. As for the difficulty of the game, it of course features three modes, easy, normal, and hard. I was though, very surprised with the challenge of arcade mode. But the boss, ogre was way to easy, and even his second form was easier than his first! My favorite characters are yoshimistu (sp?), Jin Kuzama, and Bryan Fury. As for the replay value... it kept me playing it for a week or two and that's pretty good. I have not yet played TTT (Tekken Tag Tournament) but I will soon. Plus I am very excited about Tekken 4. So if you want a hardcore, action packed fighting game that is very realistic (they even considered gravity so they jump the normal height) then I highly suggest this game to you. It's the best!
This game can really make a bad day go good. As one of the best 3 games for the Playstation that I have, I can say I'm impressed. I am not very good at it, but a challenge always brightens me up. I don't like Tekken Force mode, a side-scrolling thingy where you fight soldiers with strange names like Hawk. I think I like Arcade Mode the best, where you fight, fight, fight. Really great game. I haven't tried the other Tekken games, but I'm sure that there won't be any other game of this series that can beat this dang fighting game. I bet nothing will stand up to this game that I like to call the Fighting Game King!!!
Tekken 3 may not look like much more than another 3D fighter,but believe me,it is very different from the previous Tekken games and other fighting games.This is a huge improvement over Tekken 1 &amp; 2.The gameplay is addictive and never gets tiresome,plus the controls are perfect.It has tons of fighting moves and combos which never get repeative.Plus,it has many great charecters each with their own unique styles.Its also a great multiplayer game to boot.Buy this game.
I have been playing Tekken 3 for a long, long time, and it's just as fun now as it was when I first bought it. It's a wonderful game to play alone, and even better when played with a friend. It's my favorite fighting game on the PlayStation, or on any console of its generation, for that matter.-PRESENTATION: Tekken 3's menus and loading screens are very similar to those of their arcade counterpart, and, although not particularly amazing graphically, somehow manage to look very stylish. They're a perect example of grace through simplicity.-GRAPHICS: Wow. I do not think that it is possible for the Playstation to generate graphics better than these. The character models are detailed and very well-constructed, and the beautiful textures that cover them smooth them out and make the fighters much more realistic-looking. Unlike in Tekken 2, you seldom see the facets of the character models when they move. The backgrounds are much more detailed than those of the last game, and have been almost seamlessly blended with the floors of the game's many arenas. Namco seems to have pushed the system beyond what it was once believed to be capable of, and the only way for the game to be improved upon would be to move it up to a more powerful console (i.e. Tekken Tag Tournament and Tekken 4 on the Playstation 2). Beautiful. And of course, the CG cutscenes have to be seen to be believed.-SOUND: This game has the best sound effects of any fighting game on the system, methinks. The punches and kicks and battle-cries are full of energy and vigor, and differ depending on who and what has been attacked by whom. The music is neat, too, but that's really a matter of personal taste. I've laways enjoyed playing to it, and Namco has included both the original arcade music and a new, remixed music set made especially for the PSX version. Good stuff.-GAMEPLAY: Of course, this is the most important aspect of any game. Fortunately, Tekken 3 scores high in this area. It is a game that you can sit down and play and have fun with from the moment you put it into your PlayStation, but which you can be challenged by even after you have become very skilled. Tekken 3 has a large cast of characters, all of whom fight in their own unique styles. Most players will have a favorite, but these favorites tend to differ from person to person. The characters (over half of whom need to be unlocked by completing various challenges) are very well balanced, and none of them, not even the final bosses, feel disproportionately weak or strong in comparison to the others. Tekken's classic 4-button system makes for a smooth, effective control system that is easy to adjust to and allows for a vast library of moves for each character, and if you want, you can fully customize the controls to suit your own style. There are many modes of play, including story mode, vs. mode, a side-scrolling bat-em-up mode, and a Tekken ball mode. You can also unlock a theater in which to play the movies and music that you unlock. You can even use the theater to play movies and music from Tekken 1 and 2, if you have them. The actual fighting is great. The characters' movements are fluid and widely varied, and each and every fight is different. The game includes a full list of all the moves and combos for each character (but there are still secret moves hidden here and there). And there are more moves than just attacks and blocks. Handsprings, rolls, cartwheels, flips and kip-ups are just  few of the things that characters do. Especially interesting are fighting styles such as Eddie's Capoeira and Yoshimitsu's, um, unique methods. The possibilities just go on and on.All in all, this is a fun and deeply engrossing game. If you want the best fighter on the PSX, give it a try.
Graphics: 8/10 - The characters can be a bit see-through, but the backdrops are fabulous and it's extremely clear when you've done a Judo chop to someone!Sound: 9/10 - Great fist fighting, realistic sounds and cool music brings Tekken 3 blazingly alive in the sound area.Value: 10/10 - Do not read this review further if you have not yet played, bought or borrowed Tekken 3. It is well worth the money and you'll play it for ages! Not a game you get sick of easily.Overall: 10/10 - Lots of things to do, lots of martial arts moves to learn, heaps of blood, a barrel of fun - Tekken 3 is one of the most entertaining, overall amazing PlayStation games to come out in a long time!
Tekken 3 is the best fighting game I have ever played! If you loved Tekken than you HAVE to play Tekken 3! My cousin has Tekken and I liked it alot so I bought Tekken 3. Let me say, Tekken 3 is 10 times better than Tekken. It has alot of new and old characters(or alot of characters)like Law,King,Nina,Jin, Whoarang,Xiaoyu,Eddy,Paul,Lei,and Yoshimitsu. It has a ton of characters that you can unlock if you beat arcade mode like Mokujin,Ogre,True Ogre,Heihachi,Kuma(or Panda),Julia,Bryan,Anna,and Gun Jack. You get up immediatly from falls. It has alot of modes like Arcade, Tekken Force where you walk along and beat people up and face a boss, practice, and more. I unlocked all the characters and unlocked a new mode called Tekken Ball mode where you play volleyball and if you dont hit it back to the other guy your life gets reduced. And theres new fighting styles so buy this game, you'll be glad you did!
This game is pretty much the ultimate when it comes to fighting. The only thing it lacks is the use of weapons and magic. Still, the amount of moves the game actually has is mind-boggling. I would be totally surprised if there were anyone on the planet who knew every move of every player. There's just too damn many! I've played many a fightin' games (Streetfighter, Mortal Kombat, Killer Instinct, etc.) I'm not exactly the greatest gamer around, but I know when a game has just too many moves to choose from. I would &quot;guesstimate&quot; that each player in this game has roughly seventy or more possible combos, moves, special moves, etc. that they can throw at you. That's just too many moves. IF YOU ARE AN AMATEUR, YOU WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME FIRST! THE LESSONS YOU LEARN FROM CONTROLLING THE CHARACTERS OF THIS GAME CAN BE APPLIED TO ANY OTHER FIGHTING GAME---GUARANTEED!
I first played this game in the 90's when I was 7 years old and I loved it then and still do today! The graphics were wonderful for the 90's and the game is very enjoyable and fun! The characters have such personality it is like they are real! I recommend this game to any gamer that likes classic 90's games! This game RULES!!!
It all starts here, well, it was here where i truly fell in love with Tekken. I love T2, but, T3 was ...&quot;holy cow&quot; moves and graphics. For those that are starting with Tekken..this game should be your first.
I've had Tekken 3 for two years now and I still love playing it, mainly because it is one of the best PS1 fighters ever made.Reasons why this is a great game are simple:There are tons of great characters from Yoshimitsu, the ever cute dragon Gon, the sexy schoolgirl Ling Xiaoyu, and over a dozen more. The wonderful part is they all have their own unique fighting styles which keeps the action from getting dull.With mulitple game modes this also adds to Tekkens variety and level of fun. Tekken Force mode puts the characters into a side scrolling action game. Although, my fave is Tekken Ball which is a wierd mix of fighting and volleyball. I know what you're thinking, but trust me, it's fun.The game is a little hard at first, but give it a week or so and you will get it down pact.With all the unlockable characters, modes and costumes, it will keep you entertained for weeks to come. That and being one of the most comprehensive fighters out there makes it a must have.
VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE, ANOTHER ONE OF THOSE GAMES YOU CAN PLAY FOR HOURS.  GREAT PRICE AND GREAT CONDITION OF ITEM.  DEFINATELY EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS WITH PRICE, QUALITY AND AVAILABILITY.
I first played this game at an arcade at a ski lodge........I didn't go skiing that afternoon.I immediately purchased it after I got my PS1, and it captured me.  I must say it is a fine piece of martial arts work.  Totally get this game or at least try it.  It is a great improvement from its predecessors.  If you didn't like those 2, just loooook at thiiiiis.  It is niiiiiiiiice.  Try iiiiiiiit.
I love this game, I have ever since it came out. The characters are great and classic. Ever since I was young, I have been in love with the Tekken series. Brings back a lot of good memories. I bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun. Though the graphics aren't as top notch at games these days are, but it's still an entertaining game to play. If you collect either Tekken stuff or video games, this is a must own. Don't miss out on this game, before you know it, it will be gone.
BAM BAM BOOM! Tekken 3 has great graphics, awsome moves, and best of all, awsome challanges!!
I played this game when I was younger. I bought it, so I could play it again. I miss these old PS1 games.
Tekken 3 is the best 3D fighting game on the Playstation.  The only game that comes close to Tekken 3 is Soul Blade.  The graphics on this Playstation version suffer a little from the translation, but the gameplay is faithfully intact.  There are plently of fighters to play as from the start, and even more to earn as you beat the game multiple times.  The only feature which may sour gamer's experiances with this game is the unbalanced play control of a few of the characters.  Even though every character has a few high damaging moves of their own, Eddy Gordo and Hwoarang are easily the cheapest characters in the game.  A simple button mashing on the kick buttons with these characters can send them into a fury of kicks that can kill an opponent in just a few hits.  This is very frustrating when you've spent time practicing complex combos only for someone to come along and get the same results by just mashing on buttons at random.  Although with experience one can learn to block and counter those moves, so it's not too big of a problem if you practice.  Aside from that, Tekken 3 is near flawless. I highly recommend it to anyone who has a Playstation.
Oh is this game good or what? It is only the best fighting game ever made! Even better then the PS2 tekkens (tekken tag and tekken 4). The graphics are good and the movies are great. The sound is good also. I love the characters and the stages. The best thing about it is that the graphics arnt as slow as 2 and 3. Besides that, the fighting style to every character is great. If this is what all fighting games are like, I want them all!
AFTER A FRIEND LENT ME THIS GAME , I WAS TOTALLY HOOKED ! I WENT RIGHT OUT AND BOUGHT IT , AS WELL AS '' TEKKEN 2 '' . EVERY CHARACTER HAS THEIR OWN UNIQUE FIGHTING STYLE , AND THE COMBOS ARE NOT HARD TO MASTER AT ALL . PLUS THERE ARE MANY DIFFERENT MODES OF GAME PLAY TO CHOOSE FROM . AS WELL AS NEW COSTUMES AND CHARACTERS TO UNLOCK . AND IT'S FAST PACED TOO ! JUST LIKE ''SOULBLADE ''!! SO IF YOU WANT A GREAT GAME , REASONABLY PRICED , THAT 'LL HAVE YOU PLAYING FOR HOURS ON END ; THEN GO OUT AND GET IT ! EVEN IF IT'S THE ONLY FIGHTING GAME YOU GET ! AND ALSO GET '' SOULBLADE '' AND '' TEKKEN TAG TEAM '' FOR THE PS 2 . FIGHTING WAS NEVER SO MUCH FUN !!!
I know, Tekken Tag was like an improvment, but Tekken 3 is just plain out orginal and stuff.Pros:PSX orginal graphics never looked so goodvery addictive gameplayNice soundtrackNice selction of charavertsBeautiful FMVsTekken Ball is awsomeCons:Game evanually runs out of funThe game is pretty easy(after playing Tekken Tag on ultra hard all the time)Where's Lee and Kazuya?Not many cons, so it's definitly a must buy for any fan of fighting games.
This game is preety much the same as tekken advance but it's better eddy and law are playable in this  game.But it gets boring after you've played it a milions of times.But still is good if you want a good fighting game get this it's the best.
really cool old school game love tekken it still a really cool game to play its just as cool as the first one and 2nd one.
The Story,Ogre, an evil creature attaking fighters around the world for there power must be stopped, therefore Hihachi Mishima trains Jin Kazama and anounces the King of Iron Fist Tournament 3!The Plan,Ogre enters Tekken 3  and is beaten and killed!.Fight throu 10 stages to beat ogre and open new charecters and modes.Many unique charecters, modes and places.Fight as new and origonal charecters.Multitude of optionsPersonaly this game is My favorite!
Well, I don't own this game (or a Playstation) but I played it today for 3 hours at my friend's house (I got blisters on my hands from playing so much).This is fantastic! You have to love it. In my opinion, the 2 player mode is the best (we were playing in teams of 3).The main point of the game is to use different moves using the Playstation controller to destroy your opponent.The characters I liked the best were Gon, Jin and Law. Gon is great because he's small and the taller character's kicking or punching always misses. Jin is strong overall, and my friend's nephew said that he's the best person in the game if you know how to control him. I can control him well, and demolished my opponent in 20 seconds (we were using the 50 second time limit in the 2 player mode). Law is a great kung-fu type of fighter and he kicks well. It's fun plotting the same kind of characters against each other - like Gon against Gon or Jin against Jin.The other characters not in the main lineup are good too - we got Doctor. B in our game - but he's annoying because he keeps falling over - but he has some good moves.The theatre mode is funny too - watching all the short videos on each character - my favourites were Xiaoquai (spelling?) 0 JERK!, that tree guy (can't remember his name), Bryan and Jin.Also a good laugh is the ball mode - which is like volleyball except you're trying to take away each other's health.I haven't played all the modes yet, but I'm sure I will soon.You have to buy this game if you liked Tekken or Tekken 2, or if you like classic games like Streetfighter, or like fighting games. Fantastic!
this game is the best instalment in the franchise! with many more characters added and more in depth story modes! this game has everything. in my opinion, itcan compete with any modern fighting game today!
One might see this game as a Diablo clone, and it very well may be, but it is deeper and more fun than the original Diablo in many ways. First of all, the graphics are all 3D, which is a step that even Diablo 2 has not taken. The quests are a little more random and non-linear than in either Diablo, making it very replayable. One great feature is the way one player can create two heroes - one to control directly, and the other to be controlled by the computer as a monster-killing ally. In addition to this, the 3D levels have great lighting effects and fighting monsters is really fun.There are 4 main classes, which are divided into 8 subclasses according to gender, which has a small effect on the characters (for example, females can be archers but males can be assassins). There are 8 skills that each character can learn and improve upon, and these skills are different for different classes. Also, characters get hungry and must be fed, with food bought from the store, found during adventuring, or found using special skills.I bought the game for $ and was satisfied. I highly reccommend it for the new Amazon.com price or if you can find it at a PC game store for cheaper.
Well , to say that 'Nightstone' is graphically subpar to today's Act/Rpg'swould be a completely (unfair and also a idiotic) comparison.What you have here is a game that was created during the 'Changing of thegaurd' between Win98 and XP - high tech graphic engines did not exist as of this time and (3D graphics) were still in it's infantcy.Ok, with that aside, i find 'Nightstone' to be a very enjoyable title.I was suprised to see that for an old title, the developers got the wholecontrol scheme and camera control down to a science, very easy to pick upand play without tedium and the option to play (2 character's) at once andswitch between them with ease is something i don't see in even most ofToday's Multi-Million dollar titles. Game developers:TAKE NOTE; Want tocreate a title that works, buy a copy of this game, study the animations,the control scheme and use today's graphic resources and then maybe,justmaybe fans of the genre will get something worth $50.The story is only slightly original, but for what it's worth, it worksand it does seem to rival most the 'Dribble' thrown in most modern RPG'sof this type. 5 Stars for getting right (back then); what most should have already perfected by now.-holyknight8.
I hesitated to purchase this title because of the previous poor review.  I am truly sorry because this game &quot;ROCKS!&quot;  The opponents have personalities and adaptable driving styles.  They actually try to cut you  off and try to prevent you from passing.  Heads turn to look at you and the  smooth framerate pulls you into the action.  The graphics are fantastic and  the sheer inventory of cars to choose from is amazing.  Gameplay is  enjoyable and the ability to race against your opponent and win his car  makes this the my racing sim of choice.  Many times I have found myself  blurting out the words &quot;YOU ARE WALKING HOM FROM THIS ONE&quot; after  entering the final stretch of &quot;High Stakes.&quot;  Running on a  PIII450 with 192MB RAM, 7200rpm ATA66, Voodoo3 3000, soundblaster live at  1024x768 using an MS Sidewinder there are no hesitations or  &quot;cyberburps&quot; in any way.  I have not encountered any problems  except understeering conditions which since I have never really driven the  cars in question, cannot be contributed to the game.  The incorporation of  the previous tracks along with the new will please the veteran NFS fan as  well as challenge them...they only picked the tricky ones.  I was lucky to  pick this game up for $14.88 in the markdown bin and would have paid more  if I had driven a demo prior to release.  This game is a must have if you  have the hardware to fully enjoy it and if not, it will look okay but must  be run at lower resolutions.
As of now, this game, in my opinion, is the best racing game out.NFS has had the best racing car simulaters out.  The 4th addition to this amazing series is probably the best.  It has a wide variety of companies  and their vehicles such as, Ferrari, Porsche, Lamborghini, and even  MacLaren.  The tracks are far beyond any other, with great scenery and  sound effects.  You can race in countries like USA, Canada, Germany,  France, and the UK.The Hot Pursuit option is very good with the lighting  effects and the different looking cop cars.  Each country has their exact  looking kind of police vehicle and the way their sirens sound.Also the  new option in this game is the High Stakes option which allows you to beef  up your own cars then play against other people with them.  If you win you  get to keep your opponent's car.  If you lose, well, I'm sure you can guess  what happens.
What do I look for in a car game? Speed, room for error, exhilaration and cars - lots of them. There have been many great Driving games this year but the one that really does put you back in your seat is NFS RC. The tracks  and cars are radiant and the different modes of play give enough lasting  appeal. Career mode and car damage are improvements over NFS3 but there  could have been more tracks buts thats being picky. Want a laugh? Midtown  madness. Want Rally? Colin Mcrae. Want Touring? Toca 2. If ever you need to  get in your Ferrari on a Sunday afternoon and go 200Mph down a county lane  you wont find a better sim then this. Adrenalin rush for the fastest drive  of your life.
i had need for speed 2, 3, and high stakes and all were fun; liked the music and gamplay in high stakes, graphics could have been better though but other wise a good game. if you are into racing classics then this is the game to get.
I don't know what the problem is for the other people.  I have a 266 Mhz PII w/64 Megs of RAM and a Voodoo 2 12 MB graphics card.  The thing runs great.  The framerates are excellent at 640x480.  If I run it in 1024X768  then it gets choppy if it is raining or snowing.  Nothing new there.  Too  much oversteer on the cars?  I don't think so.  I have slid my real car on  dry pavement and it's about the same.  ('98 Contour ... (0.82 G skidpad)) I  personally think the game kicks some butt.  I think that there is a  hardware compatibility problem for the other people.  You need the most up  to date glide drivers you can get.  Just an opinion. By the way, I have  NFS1,2, and 3, so this is old news for me.  You have to have a proportional  input device for steering or you will do very poor, however, you can use  the keyboard for the accelerator.  (you just have to be more careful,  because it's either on or off).
This is by far the BEST darn game I have played.  Great game play and some killer graphics that go way beyond anything you can find.  The internet play is great and neraly lag free due to the optimized code.  This game did  the best job of going way beyond the first two games.  The Material  Defender just got upgraded, and it is worth every penny to buy this great  game.
I have played Descent since it first appeared; and in a time when everyone else was content to produce first-person view games where your opponents were little more than second-rate scaled bitmaps, Descent gave the player  an opportunity to combat real three dimensional foes in all three  dimensions. Plus the foes-insane robots driven mad by an alien virus, moved  like nothing else, and seemed intelligent. There was nothing else like it  on the market, yet somehow it missed the vein, and people flocked to games  like Doom &amp; Doom II. When Descent II appeared in 1996, I thought for  sure that the game would take off, but it didn't happen. However, it wasn't  about to stop me from enjoying a terrific game. Now we have arrived to this  place and once again Interplay has unleashed a new Descent, and one that  takes full advantage of 3D cards and more powerful computers.Descent III also features a new game engine, known as Fusion, that enables  the player to move from the familiar mines of the Post Terran Mining  Corporation out to the planet's surface and surrounding environments. I  guess this is hard to do in this sort of game. Additionally, they have  improved the AI, and it really shows in the way the robots behave, and  there is a significant increase danger to your ship in combat. The robots  are all new and feature more polygons and detailed texture mapping than  every before. Additionally, 3D acceleration is probably the best I have  ever seen in any game. Descent 3 uses more dynamic light effects than any  game I have ever seen. In fact, it is so graphically intensive, it is one  of the reasons why I upgraded my 200 mhz to an Athlon 700. The demo ran  fine on my old system, but when I bought the full version, even when I  turned off all of the special effects, it barely ran. I would recommend at  least PII 300, as does Interplay.D3 provides much of the same kind  of game play as its other incarnations, it's just better. I have friends  who cannot play the game because they get disoriented too easily when  working in the three dimensions of the mines. However, if you're like me,  you get a certain thrill from the constant direction changes as you blast  away at nasty robots with impunity. D3 offers a new spread of weapons  including Frag Missiles that burst apart in a shower of mini-projectiles;  Impact Mortar, which create very large localized explosions and heaps of  damage; the Vauss cannon, which is an updated variant of my favorite Gauss  cannon. Gone are the Earth Shaker missiles, replaced now with the Black  Shark, a singularity weapon which turns hunting `bots into a skeet shoot.  Basically, there are enough weapons to make your average NRA lobbyist drool  with envy.Of course, none of this means a tinker's cuss if it's no  fun to play, right? Well, get ready `cause you're going down...again!The pace of the game is much faster than the original, thanks mostly due to  the quicker response and aggressiveness of the robots. It is here you will  see the improved AI in action, because the robots WILL come after you, will  work in teams, they do not cluster together to make mass-kills easier, and  at higher skill settings, they most certainly WILL take you apart. The rush  is incredible when you're fighting like mad in the early levels just to  stay alive! The napalm-equipped bots are ferocious and stick to you like  their weapons do. The robot generator areas-the one's that replicate new  attack bots, keeps churning them out as fast as you can shoot them down.  The game can be relentless at times, which is what a player wants.Now, as for the story, you play the Material Defender, PTMC's itinerant  mercenary from the previous two games and who went MIA at the end of D2  thanks to a defective jump drive. After you are rescued by a rebel faction  on Mars who wants to expose PTMC and their evil CEO Dravis, as being  responsible for the alien virus spreading to PTMC's robots and facilities.  It becomes all-out battle against PTMC who, like all rich corporations,  have their own squadrons of Pyro GX fighters, and start coming after you!  See, and you thought big companies just didn't care about the little people  anymore.The only place where D3 suffers is the in-game music. It's  boring, lifeless and worse, it sounds like the music we listened to in  computer games a decade ago. That is also not to say D2's Skinny Puppy or  Type O Negative was any better, I guess because it was an industrial  setting (a mine) they assumed that we'd want to hear industrial music.  Wrong! (And I like industrial). I found myself turning the music off and  reaching for a Star Wars soundtrack to plop in my CD player to accompany  the game. Beyond that I have little to complain about. This is a top notch  game as far as game play, visuals and sound effects are concerned. It's got  a break neck pace at times, while at others it's slow-paced which can get  really creepy until the first robot jumps you and you wet your undies in  shock.The Descent series have always been my favorite first person  shooter (along with Jedi Knight), and D3 does not disappoint in any way.  The visuals and FMV cut scenes are stunning and the sound is excellent. I  highly recommend for anyone so equipped with Environment Audio on their  sound card to use the full four speaker set up, because D3 was produced and  recorded in Dolby Surround, and it just adds so much to the experience.  You'll also need a death machine of a system to run it.
Back in 1999, the third and most likely final chapter of the Descent series released.  It was praised and lauded by game reviewers and magazines worldwide.  However, due to Interplay's bungled marketing, the game never got the player recognition it deserved.  Tragically, it meant the end for the series.I think it speaks volumes about a game when I can look at it now, three years later, and see what I see.  People are still building new levels for it, multiplayer is still fairly popular, and the community is still strong.  The DescentBB and Planet Descent are great places to start, so look them up when you get the chance.Anyhow, regarding the game itself.  The hallmark of the Descent series is its gameplay that concerns all three axes of movement, unlike other FPS games like Quake or Unreal that largely limit your movement to the ground.  In Descent, you can fly wherever you want to, stop and turn on a dime, and move freely.  Descent 3 continues this with its new game engine, which actually consists of two engines - one for rendering indoor areas and the other for rendering outdoor areas with terrain.Continuing where Descent 2 left off, the game reprises your role as the Material Defender, a mercenary hired by the Post-Terran Minerals Corporation sent to rid their intergalactic mining installations of worker robots gone amuck.  As fate would have it, rather than pay you for your efforts, your boss at the PTMC named Dravis decided to sabotage your ship instead.  Fortunately, before reaching certain doom by hurtling towards the sun, you are rescued by a team of researchers calling themselves Red Acropolis.  It seems they know about Dravis' sabotage and that he was ultimately behind the rogue robot activity in the first place.  As the only pilot with enough guts to tackle the situation, it is your duty to gather the evidence to incriminate Dravis.Of course, this is just the intro movie.  The rest of the single-player campaign features 15 gigantic levels.  And I do emphasize gigantic - these behemoths are many times the size of the old Descent levels and yet still only load once at the beginning.  Inhabiting them, naturally, are a varied assortment of robots arranged in various classes - security drones, miners, and even robots that sweep the floor.  These are your obstacles on the way  to completing your mission objectives.  Unlike the first two games, which were built around gathering keys, destroying a Reactor, then escaping the mine, Descent 3 has objectives for each level that must be accomplished.  These include escorting important ships, going on recon missions, and in an ironic nod to the old games, defending the Reactors from destruction.To carry these out, you find all sorts of neat weapons.  There are ten different primary weapons and ten secondary weapons.  Primaries include your basic Laser Cannon, chaingun-like Vauss Cannon, railgun-like Mass Driver, searing Napalm Cannon, and shield sucking Omega Cannon.  The secondaries are equally diverse and include such hits as the Napalm Missile that bursts into flame, the Frag Missile that bursts into a thousand shards, and the awesome gravity-altering Black Shark Missile that sucks your enemies into a black hole.Multiplayer is fantastic.  New multiplayer levels are always coming out and the action never grows old.  Descent 3 comes with many gameplay modes for multiplayer.  Anarchy is your traditional deathmatch, and as you might expect Team Anarchy is also present.  Capture the Flag is also represented, and built more like other games in this regard as opposed to the bizarre interpretation of it in Descent 2.  One of the more intriguing modes is Entropy, a team game where you must collect viruses and infect the bases of the opposing team.Being that this game will be four years old this year, it is becoming very hard to find it.  But, should you come across it, I would strongly recommend a purchase.  This is one of the finest PC games ever designed.  Just because players didn't acknowledge it back in 1999 doesn't mean you have to.  A fantastic game, a fantastic community, and years of playability.  Who could ask for anything more?
one word WOW! this is a great game it has tons of skills and charecters. all I have to say is this is a GREAT game.
Star Ocean 2 is an excellent game that did not get as much attention as it deserved... but, I suppose that's a blessing in its own way since it kept the prices down and allowed me to get it extremely cheap.The storyline is not cliched or unoriginal, as some might think.  I hate it when people take a completely unique story, ignore all of its distinctive features, dumb it down into a bunch of sweeping generalizations, and then call it unoriginal.  The characters are far more likeable than the heroes Square has been churning out lately.  This story is a lot more lighthearted than Square's latest stories too, which will be seen as good by some players and bad by others.  I personally like the brighter and more heroic overtones of this game since it reminds me of Squaresoft's SNES titles, back when they truly did their best work.The sound effects are decent, though there aren't many of them except for special attacks and impact sounds.  The voices are good... not perfect, but good.  Sometimes their dialogue can be rather cheesy, but I haven't found any cases of bad translation or poor grammar.  Whoever said this game had poor translation needs to take a closer look at some of Square's latest titles, especially FF7 (&quot;Don't give her it&quot;).  And, it's a cool effect to have characters who speak during battle, and will say things in response to what happens in the fight.  The music is excellent, definitely reminiscent of the inspiring tunes of the SNES titles.  Each town has a different song with it, and the music in dungeons and the like will easily set the atmosphere.  The battle music is also fast-paced and catchy, as battle music should be.The battle system is awesome, combining some of the best aspects of action and strategy.  The fights are real-time, but the action is paused while you use menus, much like the original Secret of Mana.  Also, like Secret of Mana, you can assign your AI-controlled partners different things to do in battles, and they are very good when it comes to following your commands.  If you tell your healer to heal and stay away from the enemies, she will do just that.  You can choose various formations for battles.  Another interesting feature is that special attacks will use different effects depending on your range from the enemy.  For example, one attack called Air Slash will slice a circle around you if you are close to enemies, but will send a cutting shockwave across the field if they are at a distance.The character development aspects are wonderful.  You can to some extent control which characters will like others and how well they get along.  And, the closer they become, the more interesting things can happen.  This can even effect battles.  These aren't major things, but they certainly add a lot more depth and personality to the game.  You control which skills the characters learn as well.  Not only battle skills, but also metalwork, alchemy, cooking, art, photography, music...  all sorts of things.  And, all of the skills actually have some good use to them, rather than just being there as a gimmick.The graphics in this game are good as well.  They are rather cartoony, but the cartoon style conveys personality and emotion far better than polygons do.  There are also more subtle touches that add to it, such as birds flying over, seeing your character darken when you walk through a shadow, and seeing your reflection on water surfaces.All things considered, I don't see any major bad points to discuss in this game.  It's a great one to own, especially for anyone who likes the superior quality RPGs from the SNES days.
Perhaps my favorite RPG of all time, Star Ocean 2 has everything ANY gamer could enjoy.  With an amazingly innovative battle system, Star Ocean 2 plunges you into battle where you fight and cast magic in REAL TIME combat.  Also, Star Ocean 2 has amazing customization where you can MAKE your own items and the BEST weapons in the game using the game's unique weapon/item creation system.  With an amazingly unique soundtrack, Star Ocean 2 ranks in my soundtrack list as one of my top three!  Also, Star ocean 2 has an amazing cast of characters, all of which, save two are optional.  Finally, it has the HIGHEST replay value of any game EVER!!!...  You are right off the bat asked which character you would prefer to play, the dashing space explorer, Claude Kenni, or the beautiful magic user Rena Lanford.  By going through this game you will go through different towns, meet different people, and the feelings of the characters will change for each other, for better or worse, and in the end, characters will split up, or possibly even get together!  With over 80 different endings, you'll find yourself playing from the end of Star Ocean 2 right into your next fun filled new game!  Words cannot describe my appreciation for the quality of this game, it is simply breathtaking.
I played this game shortly after high school, and was very immersed in it.  In fact, I could not stop playing until I had finished it.  The music is wonderful, and the graphics are good for what they represent.  Character interaction is very detailed, with your choices affecting the game's ending.  Battle is fun, and the storyline is worthwhile.  I am aware they have made a remake, but I am more interested in replaying the genuine article!
I love this game! Yet I hate the glitches on this game! lol Still, This is one of the best games one the PSX! Just make sure that you save often cause the game might freeze unexpectedly.
You start out as one of the two heros of the game, on Renas home planet Expel. Something strange has crashed on Expel and is causing chaos. You now need to go learn more about it and discover what it is. But that is only the beginning. Your travels takes you to several villages and towns, meeting several party members you may choose to go along. Earn skill points to boost your skills such as Cooking, Writing, Alchamy and Reverse side (forgery). As you continue through out the game you can increase or decrease party members attitudes twards each other, in result earns you special endings. You can see up to as many as 80+ endings.Pros: Smooth fighting style, Beautiful music, very high replay value and interesting story lines. Not to mention frequent save points. PA (private actions) are one the the highlights of the game, where you can intereact soley with another party member.Cons: Some mage scenes in combat can take a few seconds to finish, easy to over look. ~sometimes~ Will lock up after a fight. This is very rare but can be a pain. The grapics are alittle old style, but nothing to really complain about.All and all I think this is a wonderful game, I myself has played it 3 times without getting sick of it because the story can change so much depending what you do.
i think that so2 is one of the most enjoyable experience on the playstation.it has a unique skill system,very lovable charcters,interesting story,nice graphics..i love it and i'm still playing it till now.perhaps the worst thing about the game(although it's not that bad and some like challenges)is the dungeons ,sometimes they seem a bit long and altough i like battling especially with fighters..it can be a little bit tiring sometimes.so I recommend using the gameshark code for saving anywhere and beating the game will be a piece o cake^_^.
Star Ocean The Second Story in my humble opinion is nothing short of a masterpiece.Such underrated game never got the credit it deserves.The masterful gameplay and the many features are the best aspect of game.The positive.- countless features- fantastic real time battle system- complex skill system- best motoi sakuraba soundtrack- great pre-rendered graphics- private actions- relation system- great non-linear story- countless side-quest- difficult game- 3 battle system- outstanding replay value- over 85 endings- 2 perspectives of story- private actions make characters very deepThe negative.- voice acting- glitches, bugs- world map graphics- the story don't reliance on the other characters aside the main heroesgraphics 10/10soundtrack 10/10story 10/10character development 10/10gameplay 10/10fun factor 10/10Miscellaneouslenght : long, looooong quest, the main story it's about over 60 hours, 100-150 with side-questsdifficulty : hard to insane ( you get new difficulty level to replay the game)replay value: 87 endings, 2 perspective of story, new characters, new difficulty level, different private action. What else? Excellent!
The sequel to the game of the same name(which unfortunately was never released in America), Star Ocean 2 is the perfect RPG.The skill system is one of the things that sets it apart from any other game. There are around 40 skills to learn with 10 levels of profiency each(each of which requires a certain number of skill points to learn, which are gained when you level up). Combat skills are automatically executed, with the frequency depending on how many levels you have invested in the skill(examples, &quot;flip&quot; lets your character quickly move behind the enemy, where his defensive power is lower. &quot;parry&quot; lets you block attacks, &quot;motormouth&quot; lets you cast spells faster).The other skills have 2 purposes. They have an initial bonus to investing in them, and they can combine with other skills to produce specialty skills. For example, &quot;kitchen knife&quot; adds a huge boost to your strength stat, and if you add &quot;recipe&quot; and &quot;good eye&quot;, you will acquire the &quot;cooking&quot; super specialty skill, which allows you to create very powerful healing items out of base components(you can even make french toast this way!). If multiple characters have a high cooking skill, the super specialty skill &quot;Master Chef&quot; becomes availible, letting you make even more powerful healing items. There are similar skills for producing weapons, armor, and accessories. Other skills, like art or authoring, lets you make pictures to sell or books to publish, which can result it huge amounts of cash for you. There is even a skill that reduces the experience requirement for levelling up. This is the &quot;tip of the iceberg&quot; so to speak, so I will just say that the skill system is above and beyond any other game that I have played.The combat system is also excellent. You have 4 characters(out of a maximum of 8 in your party, which is out of 12 characters in the game) fight in real-time combat against enemies. You control a single character at a time while the rest follow the tactics that you set, and the AI for this feature is also well done. Your fighter characters have an assortment of &quot;killer moves&quot; instead of spells that let them unload a series of special attacks against the enemy. Words can't describe the flawlessness of this combat system; you would have to watch a trailer to get a real feel for it.The basic game is sufficiently challenging, but once you have played through the game you will be able to access higher difficulty settings(which are very very hard), which, combined with the variety of characters you can recruit, make for lots of replay value.Also of worthy note is the voice acting. Your characters will strike, yell, taunt, and basically talk during combat. They cry out a character's name who has just fallen to the enemy. If you have played Grandia 2, you will have an idea what I am talking about. The sound quality is clear and easy to understand, though when Claude yells &quot;Tear into pieces&quot; it sounds like he is saying &quot;Pear into peaches!&quot;.Plot is excellent, with a huge thing at the end of disk 1 that rivals Aeris in Final Fantasy 7 in terms of its impact on the plot.Overall fun factor is very high. This is the perfect RPG.
This may be a dated title, but I will still go out of my way to bring out and dust off my old PS2 to play this game.To begin, the size and depth of this game is extraordinary for its time. I couldn't believe it upon first play. The regions to explore are expansive. The situations that occur at each location differ depending upon your party, and events that you have accomplished elsewhere.Second, the battle system is incredible. It is a true-to-form RPG, yet has characteristics of live-action battle. It goes far beyond selecting your actions and watching them unfold. You control one character, and the AI for your other party members is quite effective. In the most strategic battles, I find myself jumping between characters to throw little moves inbetween their automations.Next, the story is a little complex, even diluted at times, but still brilliant and engaging, assuming that you have the desire to embrace it. The discussions are rarely so lengthy that it causes you to lose interest.Finally, the skills and spells of your characters are diverse and change with enough uses to become stronger and more effective. With the integration of combo-skills, your fighter becomes a beast. The weapons and equipment for your characters provide a diverse and strategic edge.To conclude, although aged, this title still glimmers within my collection. For classic gamers, this is a must.
Being few lucky one to play Star Ocean for Super Famicom, I was very excited to play Star Ocean 2 for good reasons.  The original was one of best game for SNES/SFC (as good as FF3/6), and this one is charming as well.  The background is well drawn, and 2D based characters didn't hurt the visual either.The battle system is revised version of the first one.  For fans of Final Fantasy series may dismiss it as simple button masher, but the beauty of this system appears when you face the boss.  Since there aren't any overpowering summons, tactical thinking is critical.  You can take total control of one character and shift the battle in any way you like (I heavily use Rena for healing and protect Celine).Translation is not so bad.  It has some mishap which makes some section sound downright silly, but overall translation is well done if not brilliant.  Voice acting is well... I wish there was option to turn it off.  Luckily I got used to it by 15th hour, but Precis' voice is horrible.The story is compelling.  While this one uses similar &quot;Advanced civilization (Human) meets undeveloped one&quot;, it is for good.  Storyline is very solid, and characters are very attactive to grab your attention.  This game gives very different feeling than Final Fantasy series and it certainly won't hurt to experience.Overall, Star Ocean 2 brings best of new and old-school RPG.  I just can't wait to play Star Ocean 3, and hope to see Blue Sphere in US.  (I reset the machine many times just to listen the opening theme).
I've had this game since not too long after it came out and I still play it. I had to replace my disc on amazon after the case was broken and someone decided it would make a nice coaster one too many times. I made an iso with my new disc and now it sits as back up, safely in a box and I can play this glorious game forever.I love this game! Building my own dungeon, slapping monsters, fighting rival dungeon masters... May favourite mode is the pet dungeon mode, where there are no enemies, just goals to achieve. It offers quite a bit of challenge without being terribly frustrating.The graphics are great for it's generation. It doesn't run on anything past 98 without the patch, which I have if anyone needs it. I played it on a Windows 2000 machine with no issues, and it runs on my XP machine without issues as well. The comments made by the narrator are hilarious and the game play is intuitive and quick to control. Building up dungeons, earning new rooms and monsters, trying to sacrifice enough to get the dark angel, stopping the mistresses from wasting their time torturing each other, slapping the salamanders to increase their efficiency (as well as imps to death), watching the monsters dance to "disco inferno" when one hits jackpot, it's simply an enjoyable game with tons of replay value! I grew up playing this game. I can stay up all night with this game and not lose interest, even to this day.---All the legal crap died off on this game years ago. It is actually available for free and fully patched to work on new computers.Don't buy the Disc version, as it doesn't include the patch needed to run on anything past windows ME. The patched version still suffers from crashing, however.
This is by far one of the most addictive games ever released.  Much like its predecesor, DK2 is addictive, funny, and perfect in just about every other way.  The best thing over DK1 is that the dark sense of humor is  perfect now.  much like the first, there is no cursing or anything, but the  narrator and the little cutscences, everything is perfect for the dark  humor theme.  This game itself is definitely the best strategy game of its  time.  Non stop action, lots of replay value, skirmish, and multiplayer  rounds out this package that should be a part of your collection if you  like RTS games.
The graphics are decent, the objectives are challenging, and you get to play the villain...what could go wrong? True, it doesn't always work on all computers and crashes a lot but if you keep up with saves its not really that big of a deal. I do warn you that this game is pretty addictive once you get it running smoothly though.
I LOVE THIS GAME! I'm a huge Alien and Predator fan and this games makes them epic. To sum it up it has a great storyline, great graphics, dark, fun, and scary environments and a good difficulty. If you love blood spraying out of victims, this is the right game for you. The music in the game and the full motion videos are tight! One of the best I've seen and heard in a 1999 game. This is like the Super Mario Bros. of PC and MAC. IT's that popular. The boos battles are great. They'll indeed keep you busy for a while. Far as long as I live, this will always be one of my top favorite games of all time. This game came out when I was in Jr. High and it still seriously entertains me. One thing I will say is that minus the graphics, DON'T get the new AVP remake. It is bad compared to this. This is tons better. Why they made a remake that I almost got, but didn't cause it was a smart choice, I have no clue why they made it. Also in conclusion, there are bonus missions at the end which are a lot of fun. Hope you choose and enjoy this game.
this is a hard but incredibley fun and sorta scary and VERY CHEAP when you buy this on STEAM for $4.99!!!! and this! (but not as cheap...).
Yikes!  Call me a wuss, but some of the areas in AvP made me jump out of my chair!  The atmosphere in most of the levels are very dark, so when something JUMPS OUT AT YOU, your heart rate tends to skyrocket!  The  facehuggers are especially nasty (and cheap), jumping out and landing on  your face for an instant kill.  My god, when a facehugger jumps on your  face, making an awful hissing noise and quite abruptly takes up 80% of the  screen, it's a wonder why Fox Interactive hasn't been sued yet for causing  a few heart attacks!  And man, this game is HARD!  But, Fox has released a  patch with a save feature, so it's okay now.  Believe me, this game is not  intended for the faint of heart!  But, for those of us who aren't, go out  and BUY this!  And play it at night too...with the lights turned off.
This game is something to shout about!  Let me rephrase that - These 3 games are something to shout about!  Thats basically what you get. The different characters are varied enough to make this a highly original FPS  which has features important enough to make it a landmark FPS. It may not  be HalfLife or SS2 but its damnright up there with the best of themThis  must be the best Movie spinoff of all time. The games mirror the movies so  much. From the sounds the Aliens and Predators make to the way the Predator  uses his medikit. Every aspect of the movie is there. The marine levels are  the scariest I have ever seen. Aliens appear from nowhere and with surround  sound I guarantee you will jump in fright in no time.The cut scenes are  gorgeous and once you complete a game there are bonus levels. You have to  complete the game on the hardest level to get all of them.This game also  saw the first use of limited game saving per level. This is great as you  cant save your game every 5 seconds. This has been seen in later games  since. You WILL replay bits and it is tough but at least you have to use  your brain and skill a bit more.The marine levels were my favourite  followed by the predator. Each character has different attack modes and  ways of moving. For instance, the predator can survive high jumps while the  alien is the quickest and hardest to hit but takes most damage. Learnin  these skills is a key to sucess. There are also nice touches like the  predator being able to pull the heads off marines and aliens blood spraying  at you.The predator has the different vision modes while the Alien has  the fish vision mode. While a marine it sometimes felt like Half Life, but  its the closest you'll get to being in the movie. The guns make the same  noise, theres the constant beep of the detector which speeds up as an Alien  gets closer. It cant be faulted for realism.The multiplayer aspect is  super also as you get to fight a mixture of baddies. Theres a big online  contingent of players out there. Afrer Quake3, Unreal Tournement and Team  Fortress this probably comes next in the hierarchy.The only fault is  that there could have been more levels and maybe the storyline could have  been a bit better (being picky). Still, this does not detract from a PC  classic with gripping atmosphere and moments that will give you  nightmares!It is a great FPS even without the Movie License which should  appeal to fans of both the movie and gaming genre.I cannot say enough  good things about this game. Especially in a time when FPS are 10 a penny.  This has new elements like the save options, 3 game modes and vision modes  that makes this a cut above most other FPS out there. This game has added  to the FPS genre for sure. You can almost hear the cries of &quot;Game over  man, game over!&quot;. Go get it now!
One of a finger-ful of first-person-shooters that actually tries something new, 'Aliens Vs Predator' is fantastic for as long as it lasts, which  unfortunately isn't all that long. Splitting the game into Marine, Alien  and Predator phases ensures great variety, but you feel that you're playing  three short games instead of one long one. Still, it's worth the price for  the Alien segments alone. Whilst the Marine stages are superior shoot-em-up  action with an extremely scary atmosphere, and the Predator section seems  oddly detatched (we never learn enough about the creature in the films to  care much, although the execution of his multiple vision modes is superb),  the Alien sections could be a game in themselves. Treating ceilings and  walls as if they were floors, as the Alien you have to keep yourself  hidden, and restrict your combat to quick darts from the shadows. The  feeling of power, as you cling to a roof high above your blinded,  blundering victim-to-be, is addictive, and soon you'll be disappointed that  people don't scream in horror when you approach them in real life.The  graphics and sound are top-notch, both in their own right and as  adaptations of existing material. The alien and human environments match  those of the film, and the selection of weaponry intelligently expands on  that presented in 'Aliens'. Best of all, there are lots of nice touches -  the sound and music is sampled from the films, the Predator's vision modes  switch with a familiar 'whack' noise, and you're encouraged to replay the  game by an extensive series of bonus items, bestowed by achieving certain  difficult goals. The short FMV sequences are top-notch, too.A word of  warning - it's extremely hard and very intense. The Marine spends most of  his time running backwards from approaching aliens (and if you stand on a  face-hugger, you will leap out of your skin), the Alien is vulnerable to  bullets, and the Predator, whilst tough, is overcome by sheer weight of  numbers. Unless you download a patch, you can't even save the game within a  mission, something which is both admirably brave of the programmers and  extremely intimidating.All in all, it's two-thirds superior shoot-em-up  and one-third genius, polished until it shines and pumped up with steroids.
Anyone who likes video games and has seen the movies would really like this game, even if you haven't seen the movies, you'ed still like the fluid graphics and great detail. One of the best aspects of this game is the  sound! Everything from the motion detecter to the alien's sounds to the  predator's clicking type sound is EXACTLY like in the movies, I really  appriciate this as it adds to the overall experience. The graphics are  smooth and good looking. the Predators look a lot like in the movies and  the Aliens are so well done I had to pause the game and marvel at the  detail. When you first get this game do the marine mission if you are  looking to be scared out of your wits. In the game you can play as all  three different races(Predator,Alien,Colonel Marine)all with their own  missions plus bonus missions. The Alien Ai(artifical intelegence) is really  really good. You can be standing there minding your own business and then  an alien will drop down from the ceiling when you didn't even know it was  sneaking up on you. The only notable complaint is that the predators cloak  only actually keeps you unseen for about 7 seconds(it doesn't go off or  anything its just all of a sudden they can see you even if its up) Which of  course lead my theory that you should kill them in 7 seconds or less(with  your cloak up) if you wanna go undetected. Also staying true to the movies  the Predator is extreamly hard to kill, whether you are playing as him or  fighting him. And the aliens are brittle but really really really fast, and  yes you can climb all over the walls at top speed when you play the alien:)  The colonel marines are both brittle and slow, but they have BIG  weaponry(chain gun with 800 rounds anyone? Also the chain gun's sound is  really good and pumps the rounds out really fast. They also have a lot of  other weaponry).All in all this is the best FPS(first person shooter) to  date, especially if you are an Alien/Predator fan.
I have been a Sonic fan since the beginning. I had played every single Sonic game for the Genesis. I had watched Sonic cartoon episodes and the Sonic movie countless times. I had read as many Sonic comics as I could handle. I crammed my head with as much stuff about Sonic as I could. I even created my own Sonic website. But, after a while the same old levels on the original Sonic games got old. I needed something new. I needed something fresh. Then, I heard about Sonic Adventure. Just because of me being a Sonic fanatic, Sonic Adventure and the Dreamcast were at the top of my Christmas list. Finally, I received it along with a Dreamcast and popped it in. As soon as the opening sequence began, I was stunned. I was amazed at the great graphics and use of real music with vocals and all. Plus, Sonic looked cooler than ever. Then, the game got even better because of the ability to be 6 different classic Sonic characters and some new ones. The game is perfect because each character has a different story line that blends in with another character's story. Plus, the classic Sonic and Tails brothership and Sonic and Knuckles competivness still remain. If you are a true Sonic fan like me, though, you might be a little disappointed. The game missed many classic Sonic elements and Sonic's orgin is totally changed. The Freedom Fighters are gone, Sonic lives on Earth instead of Mobius, and Tails' age has gone up by 6 years while Sonic's only has risen by 1. Plus, Sonic Adventure is more childish than previous Sonic games because of the Chao pets. The game should be more focused one defeating Robotnik instead of raising a little pet.Still, the game has the classic Sonic feel to it because the chaos emeralds are still intact, and when you collect them you can become an even better Super Sonic than the one in the previous years. Other great additions include mini-games and 3-D cinema scenes. One of the best parts of the game is the re-make of the original Ice Cap stage from Sonic 3 and the ability to ride a snowboard that you can actually control, unlike in the original. If you are a Sonic fan, this is a must-have.
This game rules! My fifth favorite Sonic game! Your asking what the mistakes are? Well, when Sonic and Knucles talk, their eyes move up and down. Some of the stupid stuff (but funny) is when Sonic dies, he spins around like he is dancing and says, &quot;Oh no.&quot; in a perfectly calm voice. And when Knucles falls off of a clif he screams, &quot;AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHW&quot; and it really made me laugh. If you want to laugh really loud, when you are facing Sonic (when you are knucles) when he says, &quot;I've had enough of this!&quot;, hit him right then. Then it will sound really stupid. &quot;I've had enough of this,Oh no!&quot; And when you race sonic (as tails) when he passes you he says, &quot;HOWWAY (no, i'm serious, he says HOWWAY instead of HORRAY)!&quot; or &quot;Cya later Tails!&quot; But when you pass him, he says, &quot;HEY HEY HEY!&quot; it is so freakin funny! Or he says, &quot;Alright Tails!&quot; But, this game is still very awesome. The game play rocks! And how come I am the only one who notices the dumb and funny stuff in the Sonic Adventure seires?
And Chaos!  Common!  Who doesn't love Chaos!  This game was such a showpiece of what the Dreamcast could do and those little critters and their morphing was so in depth.  Of course, it was really annoying that the same button to pick them up also spin dashed into them potentially killing them, Ack!
When I heard of this game 2 years ago, I knew I had to have it. I saw the amazing CG feature on Sonic Mega Collection, and I bought a dreamcast just to get Sonic Adventure. When I saw that the graphics really weren't so great, I thought it was gonna be a bomb to me. But after playing it, I realized that I was wrong. I grew to loving it.Pros:Everything except the cons.Cons:Graphics(Which SADX fixed anyway)The CG opening never appears in the gameThe fact that whenever you enter another area of a town, the music stops(which SADX also fixes)Ever since the SADX Director's Cut version came out just 5 months after I got the original, I haven't been playing the Dreamcast version so much. But occasionaly I give it a spin for old times sake. Great game, but don't buy it if you already have SADX, unless you're a collecter I like I am, or was, seeing as the Sonic series is dead and has been dead since Sonic Heroes came out.
Yes, this game makes me shed a tear because as I am writing this review two things are happeninga) Sega has all but given up on the DreamCast and is now moving on to being a third party developerb) memories of playing this game when I bought my DreamCast last year comes flooding backThis is a beautiful game and it will always be one of my favorite games on the DreamCast. It isn't really as fun as Sonic 1 or 2 on the Genesis, simply because it is heck lot more complicated...but if you likea) Detailed Graphics b) Clear sound c) A good adventure gameThis one is for you. I can't even think about a single reason why the Playstation's/PS2 popularity is continuing when the DreamCast has a much better mascot and a great game like this.Also you'll be moved by the heartbreaking story of the robot ally E-102 or something (that part when he died and the little bird was finally together with amy's bird) will make you want to cry.All in all, I'm kind of saddened that Sega's console is fading but if any game whose top notch gameplay can remain an eternal tribute to the dying console, then Sonic Adventure stands at the top, shining like the brightest star in the universe.Play it and remember it.
I dont like platform games.I thought id absolutely hate this ... game...but its really cool.The frame rate is absolutel amazing with NO NOT A BIT of pop up.The graphics are incredible as well.Sonic and his fully 3d environments look great.This game is really cool and is probably like nothing youve played.Sonic does huuuuuuuge cool jumps and runs real fast, and the frame rate and grphics keep up with him.The sound is also really good, the effects and music fit this game perfectly.
The dreamcast is dead, no more consoles from sega, great games lost? Not neccasirly you can get them on the gamecube too. However I was hear to write a review.This game is fast action, and exploration, and questing. There are missions you have to unlock and sub missions you must complete plus you can switch between characters. And each characters levels differ, like tails racing sonic or knuckles finding shards, this was quite possibly the best platformer ever made. It puts mario to shame and I hope the known world undesrtands this!
It's a very good game, great Grapics, rating Grapics:9.5/10 Fun rating:8.5/10 Gameplay, how long it lasts, well about 15-20 hours to do everything, but im a advence player, a avarage person about 20-25 hours, So Gameplay:8.5/10 The sound is GREAT! I really like what Sonic Team did for the sound, sound rating:9.5/10 and Overall, I would say 9/10 and or me, 9 out of 10=awesome.Now the game is with 6 playable characters, Sonic:The main fast blue hengehog, Tails:The two tailed fast, and flying fox, Knuckles:The echina, he glides and he is red, very cool, Amy:Sonic's pink &quot;Girlfriend&quot; Big:A purple big cat that fishs to get fish, and a red robot, EOC=2. Sorry if I got the robot's name wrong, I haven't played it in a while. One thing I have say if you don't have it &quot;GET IT&quot;!
9/99/99. The day the Sega Dreamcast was launched with a few dozen titles available at launch. One of them was Sonic Adventure. I have played every Genesis Sonic game for hours and hours and have been a huge fan of Sonic ever since. I was very excited when I got this game with my Dreamcast.I started to play with Sonic. The game was awesome. Then I realized you could play with five other characters. Tails, Knuckles, Big, the robot, and Amy. Each character has 3 or so levels for each of them and are also very different for each character. Each character is very fun to play as especially Sonic, Knuckles and Tails. Surprisingly Big and the robot are very fun to play with. But Sega should never have created such a dumb character as Amy. She is very annoying, hard to play with and is very hard to control as well.This game has a few flaws though, like falling through the floor for no reason at all. Also, the camera angles are not the way you want them to be very often and this game is too easy on all levels for almost all of the characters. Sonic Adventure is also kind of short.Even with these few flaws, Sonic Adventure is a great game, that will keep you playing for hours on end having a ton of fun. If you're a real Sonic fan do yourself a favor and go buy this game and Sonic Adventure 2 right now!
I own this game not, nor a Dreamcast. Yet I am a hardcore gamer and play games I do not own avidly. I play them at friends' house and online!Controls: 5 *Sound: 5 *Graphics: 5 *Replay: 5 *Plot: 5*In a word: awesome. In two words: Awesome Awesome.I cannot begin to tell you how much I highly recommend this.
This is the game that started it all for the Dreamcast.  Sonic got a new look and a whole new level of appreciation.  To bad after Sonic Adventure 2 things started to turn sour as he got ported to other Systems.Almost a decade later and I still have my appreciation for this title.Yes not everything is perfect, but it's still way above average.If you never played it before, please pick it up if you have a Dreamcast.  You will not be dissapointed at all and it is well worth the $10 you will spend for it.
i never recieved my game so i cant say but i used to love playing this good game to bring out child memories.
What a lot of people don't realize was that this game set a new standard for 3D video games. It lets you play a different game with each character and explore the world of Sega's Sonic world. The graphics and music are awesome and the game is challenging but never impossible. Sega should put a lot of time into Sonic Adventure 3 if there ever will be one.What I like the most about this game is that like Super Mario 64 before it Sonic Adventure is one of those games I never get tired of no matter how many times I beat it. The story is great and the cinema like sequences are awesome. Yes, the camera angles can get frustrating at times and the newer,slightly more graphically detailed Game Cube version with it's bonus Game Gear games may be a better buy according to many people but it doesn't match that special nostalgic quality you get from playing Sonic Adventure on the Dreamcast.Soul Calibur may be the greatest multiplayer game on the Dreamcast but Sonic Adventure is the best single player game for the Dreamcast and my choice for best overall Sega Dreamcast game.
There are so many things to say about this game I'd probably go into it for another 30 minutes if I weren't short on time.  This game is a winner through and through.  The graphics and the music are both terrific, and the control scheme is exactly what it should be for a 3d Sonic game, unlike most of the new ones coming out on Gamecube, PS2 and all the newer systems.  This is the one that came out before all those, so it rightfully deserves credibility.  Even if this game wasn't very good, it would still be a must have just to showcase what Sega's dream was, but they perfectly portrayed that dream with the Sonic Adventure.  The story is a little weird at times as in not explaining things not to mention the ending was a bit corny, but who cares?  This game is a LOOOOOAAAAAD of fun.  If you want the ultimate Sonic experience, then you need to have this game.  It cost a little extra to get the original case, but it was definitely worth it.  Alright Sega!
Game is great and a fun one to play. No doubt would buy again if I somehow lost it. Great quality. Must buy!
A great game... Sonic Adventure has a great look to it; snow, forest, city and other scenery.  The animation and gameplay make everything move so smooth. Even if you finish with all 6 characters... there are challenges (e.g. time limit, rings, beat Robotnik... ) to finish.  Absolutely grand.
Sonic Adventure was my first Dreamcast game, and to this day it's still in my top-ten of all time favorite games ( on any system ) ever! Two weeks before I picked up Sonic Adventure I saw the demo in a video game store and was " BLOWN AWAY " by what I saw. My all time favorite hedge-hog moving so fast that my eyes could hardly keep up with him, and the graphics of 128 bit bliss was awesome indeed! After I brought it home a few weeks later, I was again blown away by the free roaming 3d game-play of this awesome game. Sonic Adventure was ( and is ) so big and so grand, that I find it hard to write just a paragraph on the game, but here it goes. The game takes place on Angel Island, ( a floating island )  and it is somehow connected to a city. You have six players in this awesome game. There's: Sonic the Hedgehog, Miles "Tails" Prower, Amy Rose, ( Sonic's love interest ) Knuckles the Echidna, Big the Cat, and E-102 Gamma. ( one of Eggman's robots ) You must stop Eggman from feeding the seven Chaos Emeralds to the evil monster Chaos, also known as " The God of Destruction. " The game moves so fast at times it makes one dizzy. ( and try not to barf! ) Besides the " Adventure Mode ", you have the " Action Stages ", and the cute lil' Chao's to take care of in the Chao gardens. It's kind of a virtual pet that you can interact with, and you can even download mini games onto the VMU memory card, then take the VMU out of the controller and play the game separately on it. ( cool ) You have many mini games, action stages, power-ups, worlds, and objectives to play in this wonder of a game. It's part Action, RPG, fishing, exploratory, puzzle, racing, shoot-em-up, and fighting game all rolled into one big adventure. ( whew ) If there ever was a game that gave the player 'his or her' money's worth, this game does it well! If there was any complaint I might have, it's that I hate the fishing levels with Big the Cat. ( it's hard as hell to me ) Sonic Adventure for the Sega Dreamcast is one of the best games ever made for this great system. Even NiGHTS into Dreams makes a cameo appearance in the game. ( it's very cool ) So if you're into Sonic, and have a Dreamcast, this game must be in your collection for it to be complete. Yuji Naka and the Sonic team did it again in spades!!! " Happy Gaming! ".
Goodbye to 2D worlds and hello to 3D environments! Sonic and other returuning faves such as Tails, Knuckles, and Amy with new roles such as E-102 and Big the Cat (or Biggums as I like to call him). Now Sonic is putting a bigger emphasis on exploring in new worlds. The plot is easily one of the best! The dialouge between these characters are very good and not chessy one bit! Here the plot:Chaos 0 is released from the Master Emerald by Eggman and he feeds on the Chaos Emeralds. Chaos 0 is upset by an earlier experience but telling it would be a spolier. Six characters has a different storyline but in the end they all intersect into one huge battle. *SPOLIER* Chaos 0 turns into Chaos 7 and turns the town into his own personal waterpark. Sonic absorbs the posistive power of the emeralds and turns into Super Sonic to defeat the humongous, Chaos 7, and the fate of the world lies in the hand of Sonic the Hedgehog*SPOLIER*! Yuji Naki is the creator of the supreme hedgehog franchise. The only ... person is Big the Fat. The niggling fishing game must be removed! It's the worst thing on the planet! Thank God, Biggums is nowhere to be found in Sonic Adventure 2:Battle!
First of all, the graphics rule.  The FMAs and opening title have perfectly smooth graphics.  And for those of you that thought Stardust Speedway in Sonic CD was fast, wait until you try Speed Highway with Sonic.  I was able to obtain the A Emblem with a time of 2:29.23 seconds.  There are six characters to choose from, three of which are new.  The old three are back.  That's right: Sonic (duh) Tails, and Knuckles.  The other three are Amy Rose, Big the Cat, and E-102 Gamma.  If any of you like fishing, play as Big.  And then there are the power-ups.  They focus on making the characters more powerful.  And there is a hidden character, Super Sonic.  This game could use Hyper Knuckles, but who cares?  And Chaos is a cool boss.  The new moves, characters, and permanent power-ups make this game one of the best games on Earth!  Reccommended for all that exist.
Sonic Adventure is an amazing game for the Sega Dreamcast in 1999 this game is a success to the 2d Sonic games but now with added story.Characters: Sonic adventure is where we play as any of the characters starting with Sonic then Tails and Knuckles with better abilities for example Knuckles can dig under ground. Amy Rose returns from her Sonic Cd debut with abilities that require her hammer. Big the cat has nothing interesting except for fishing.Then there's Gamma Dr Robotniks newest robot with abilities. When u beat all the character stories unlock the Super Sonic story.Story:  On Angel Island, an island floating above Earth. The Knuckles Tribe's ruler Pachacamac plans for world domination. His daughter Tikal enters a shrine, discovering the Chaos Emeralds and the Master Emerald, a group of mysterious emeralds with unlimited power. She befriends a peaceful entity known as Chaos, the guardian of the emeralds, as well as the Chao. Despite warnings from Tikal, Pachacamac and the tribe run into the shrine. However, Chaos transforms into Perfect Chaos, destroying the island and killing everyone there. Following Chaos' attack, Tikal seals the entity and herself inside the Master Emerald.Three thousand years later, Knuckles the Echidna guards the Master Emerald on the floating Angel Island when the evil scientist Doctor Eggman sets free Chaos. The Master Emerald is shattered and Angel Island plunges into the sea, causing the Master Emerald's shards and the seven Chaos Emeralds to be scattered. Resolving to search for the shards of the Master Emerald, Knuckles sets off. In Station Square, Sonic the Hedgehog sets off and defeats Chaos after witnessing an attack by the police. Miles "Tails" Prower tests his Chaos Emerald-powered airplane, only to crash on the beach of Emerald Coast. After Sonic rescues Tails, they go to his workshop in the Mystic Ruins, where they are confronted by Eggman. The mad scientist uses Tails' emerald to transform Chaos and he reveals his ultimate plan: with the power harnessed from the Emeralds, Chaos will eventually become invincible and destroy Station Square and Eggman will build Robotnikland over the city's ruins. Sonic and Tails set off searching for emeralds to prevent Eggman from getting them first, but eventually lose the ones they find to Dr. Eggman and Chaos. Dr. Eggman escapes in his airship, the Egg Carrier, which shoots down Sonic and Tails's pursuing plane.After Eggman activates E-102 Gamma and fights E-101 Beta during his training, Eggman orders the rest of the E-Series robots to search for Froggy, a frog who has eaten Chaos's tail as well as a Chaos Emerald. Gamma finds Froggy but is chased back to the ship by Froggy's owner Big the Cat. After his crash, Tails finds another emerald and uses it to prepare the Tornado II plane to find Sonic while Sonic lands in Station Square once again. While lamenting her time with Sonic, Amy Rose discovers a Flicky bird and names him Birdie. However, Eggman, having discovered Birdie's location, dispatches his robot Zero to chase the Flicky down. After Sonic turns down an offer to protect Birdie, Zero captures Amy and Birdies and detains them both on Eggman's ship, the Egg Carrier. Sonic and Tails board the Tornado II and infiltrates the Egg Carrier. Knuckles also boards the aircraft after collecting pieces of the Master Emerald and seeing an image of the Egg Carrier in the emerald.On board the Egg Carrier, Eggman removes the E-Series robots and stations Gamma in Amy's cell. However, Gamma witnesses Beta being rebuilt, Amy convinces him that Gamma should not work for Eggman, as he is an enemy. In a confusion of newly discovered emotions, Gamma releases Amy and Birdie. While being chased by Zero, Amy goes to the ship's deck. Meanwhile, Sonic and Tails confront Eggman, but Gamma is dispatched to attack Sonic. Despite attacking Sonic with lasers, Sonic defeats Gamma, but Amy interferes and has Sonic spare Gamma. Gamma, understanding that Eggman is an enemy, decides to follow the others. The ship loses altitude and Tails, Amy, and Gamma flee, while Sonic restores the ship to its original form. Sonic is confronted by Chaos, who now has six Chaos Emeralds, and defeats it once more before pursuing Eggman. Meanwhile, Knuckles steals back the six Chaos Emeralds and Big uses the Tornado II; they both flee from the ship as it crashes.Gamma decides to track down his brother robots. After freeing the animals inside the robots, he goes to the Egg Carrier and confronts Beta, in his rebuilt form. Beta uses lasers and missiles to attack Gamma, only to be defeated once more by Gamma. However, the fight also causes Gamma to be destroyed and Birdie's parents are released. Returning to the Egg Carrier, Amy reunites Birdie with its family, but she is confronted by Zero after he knocks down the Flicky. After avoiding contact with Zero's lasers, Amy defeats the robot by using her Piko Piko Hammer and the electrical fences. She sees Birdie and his family off, much to her happiness, and vows to try her best. Sonic and Tails, meanwhile, defeat Eggman in the Egg Viper and Egg Walker, respectively.A day later, Knuckles restores the shards of the Master Emerald, but Angel Island collapses into the sea once again when Chaos attacks him and Dr. Eggman. Chaos absorbs the 6 Chaos Emeralds and locates the seventh aboard the Tornado II, which crashed after Big used it to escape the Egg Carrier. With all the Chaos Emeralds, Chaos transforms into Perfect Chaos, depleting the Chaos Emeralds of their negative energy, and flooding and destroying Station Square. Tikal appears, having taken each main character into the past numerous times beforehand, demanding that Chaos must be sealed back in the Master Emerald. Sonic objects, saying that Chaos's heart would still be filled with anger and sadness if he were to be sealed inside the Master Emerald. Sonic's friends cheer him on, and Sonic uses the Chaos Emeralds' still-present positive energy to become Super Sonic and face off against Perfect Chaos. Following Chaos' defeat, Sonic discovers that the Chao he once was guardian of now live in Station Square, so he leaves them on Earth to live there. United with Tikal, Chaos peacefully departs to the past. The game ends with Sonic chasing after the fleeing Dr. Eggman.Music: Sonic Adventure shows new music from crush 40 as well as old music from another Sonic game.In this game we get powerups and upgrades for Sonic, Tails, Knuckles, Amy, Gamma,& Big the cat.When u played all the story's u unlock final story where chaos has all 7 emeralds and u must defeat him.Controls: This games controls are easy to get use to once u start playing it.Abilities: Sonic has his spindash on a seperate button as well as introducing the light speed dash. Tails can fly and with upgrades can do an awesome tail spin attack. Knuckles has a triple punch combo glide and with upgrades he can dig underground. Amy has her hammer attack a double jump with upgrades an make her hammer bigger and a hammer spin attack. Gamma has the ability to shoot obstacles for extra time with upgrades he can shoot more targets and fly. Big has nothing special but fishing even with upgrades he can float on water.Boss fights are Awesome and great since your fighting both Dr. Robotnik and Chaos and his transformed states.overal sonic adventure has kept and added features of the classic sonic series.Story: 5/5Music: 5/5Chracters: 5/5Abilities: 5/5Controls: 5/5Game overal: this game gets a 10/10.
i rented this two days after i got my dreamcast it lot of fun and kind of pazzling tring to figering out to get to the next stage .
The graphics on this game are the best I have ever seen from a gaming console. Sonic Adventure is addictive until you beat it.This is much better than Sonic Adventure 2. The graphics on the second are not quite as astonishing, and the storyline is a little weaker.This game is more-less for children, but adults can get a kick out of this too. You can tell Sega spent time on this game. This isn't just junk thrown together. The multi-character usage and storylines are a good idea. It adds replay value to the game.This game is nothing like the previous Sonic games. This is totally different. A different style of game play. This could be considered a small short role playing game in some ways.Surprisingly this game is not easy like I thought it would be. If you want a challenge try this out. This isn't a game you can just beat in one day, unless you spend all day playing it.I have to say this game is worth the money. Take advantage.Graphics 5 out of 5.Sound 5 out of 5.Gameplay 5 out of 5.Storyline 4 out of 5.Replay value 3 out of 5.Don't let the replay value discourage your decision. There isn't any Sonic game that is worthy of a 5 out of 5 replay value.GET THIS GAME.
I reviewed this game a year ago. I gave it four stars then. I reviewed it again today. That rating is now at 5 stars.Before I start, I want to get a few things straight. Unfortunatly, Sega made the Dreamcast its last system. The Sega Saturn turned most people away from the Dreamcast, mainly because the Saturn (...). Production of Dreamcasts has stopped. This is why I own two. Sega moved from a First-Party developer to a Third-Party. They have started producing games for other systems, starting with Sonic Adventure 2 on the GameCube and Sonic Advance for the Game Boy Advance. Why they're hugging onto Nintendo, I don't know, but I thank them for not going to Sony or Microsoft. With that said, let's start talking about the game.First off, if Sonic Adventure is too fast or hard for you, just go sell your Dreamcast; you can't handle it. The game wasn't made to be fast or hard. It was made as an introduction to the Dreamcast's awesome power, and to carry the Sonic legend on. In my opinion, Sonic is easy. There is no point in buying a guide. It is just the right speed and I wish it was faster. But this is just my opinion.In a graphical standpoint, Sonic Adventure is amazing. The crisp visuals and not-so-often slowdown turned most people on. Rock on, Sega. 5 out of 5 for graphics.The sound. Whoo boy, there's the problem. It has an awesome soundtrack. But the voice acting? Did they hire a 5-year-old for Tails? Big sounds like a (...). Good voice choices elesewhere, but the acting (...). 3 out of 5, Sega. Redeem yourselves.Replay value? It skyrockets. There are five characters to play as, all with their own stories and objectives. The game doesn't end after each character has been completed. Instead, one more character is introduced, one that has been in every Sonic game to date. Can you guess his name? The first word rhymes with "cooper." 5 out of 5 for replay.The overall score? If you don't know that, you must be flipping. How many stars did I give it, genius? Read the review, for the love of Pete.Those who just pass up the Dreamcast because of Sega's past image are missing out on a treat. Happy Halloween, gamers. Go buy this system while there are still ones on the shelf. Pick up Sonic and Soul Calibur while you're at it. Good gaming.
Inspired a lot by Nintendo's smash hit Super Mario 64, Sonic Adventure is a massive, breathtaking game that rarely comes along.  Sonic returns alongside his old buds Tails and Knuckles with some other characters to once again battle Dr. Robotnik.  While you can tell this game was designed primarily for younger kids, older gamers will love playing Sonic Adventure.  The levels are massive, the graphics are unbelieveable, and the virtual pet Chao is a cool addition to an allready awesome game.  The only problem is the camera angle can get awkward very quickly on certain levels, causing you to misjudge your distance when you jump and leading to frustrating deaths, but when you get the hang of it, it becomes simple.  All in all, the one Dreamcast game (along with Shenmue which is very recommended) that is essential in your collection if you own a Dreamcast.
This is the kind of game that brings back memories of when  games were great. The game has the most beautiful graphics I have seen on a video game  system, the graphics are even better than anything a computer can currently  do. The game is relly fun with great music, and a total of 6 different  playable characters all with their own missions and thier own view of the  story. If you buy the Dreamcast buy this too.
If you own a Sega Dreamcast and do not own Sonic Adventure then your system is not complete. This game is truly amazing. It displays the power of the Dreamcast and delivers nothing but pure solid fun. It is unlike any of the older Sonic games (which by the way were pretty hard). Not only do you play as Sonic and other characters, but you get to play minigames and raise your own virtual pet. A must have for all Dreamcast owners.
This video game is awesome, the graphics aren't even that bad. If you have a Dreamcast, I totally recommend it. If you don't have a Dreamcast, you can just get the Gamecube version for your Gamecube/Wii. It's almost the same just the graphics are enhanced and there's more to do. If you can get it for under $20, then you should get it. There's still a lot to do, and I don't think it finishes fast. It took me a while to beat all of the bosses. Tails isn't stuck in a machine, either-he can fly around easily. The chao are also awesome, I really recommend this game, you can't have a Dreamcast collection without it.
This game is great, Thear not much to say. If you have a Dreacmcast you NEED to have this one.
I've been loving all the Sonic The Hedgehog games since I was 11 yrs. old. I love the Sonic Adventure game. When I first played the Sonic Adventure game, I had a reaction to the game. My stomach had got weak like I was gonna vomit (throw up). It took me about a month to get used to Sonic Adventure. I like the Casinopolis level where I do the "Fly through the Rings with Nights" in the Nights Pinball. Even though, I don't listen to rock music; The Title Screen, Super Sonic Theme/End Credits, Sky Deck level, and Final Egg level have the rock music which it's definitely all that. Also, Windy Valley level - The Air music is similar to the Sega Genesis Sonic 3D Blast's Green Grove Act 1 and Twinkle Park level with Sonic (where you ride the race car) music is similar to the Sonic 3D Blast's Panic Puppet Act 1/Level Select. The Sonic Adventure game is the prettiest and it is definitely all that. Sonic Adventure is a nice game to buy.
Sonic Adventure is not only the best 3D Sonic game ever...but it's also one of the Best Dreamcast games ever.The plot is great.  With the whole chao processing boss levels and the plot with Eggman.  This just about the best Sonic game ever.  I thought Sonic 2 was great...THIS IS THE BEST!I loved the plot too.  It was just so great for me.Lets startGameplayOh its great!  It's awesome...I just loved how the game works and the levels get more and more fun and your tasks at the Station square makes the game exciting...5/5Camera...I put this for a reason..this game can get soo frustrating with the camera angle like for example if I need to get through a boss battle and can't see the boss and I'm trying to move the camera angle it will like get stuck and I can't move it.  But still it's worth getting...and yes I'm still going to give it 5/5..Graphics..Oh...SPECTACULAR....yea My spelling sucks..The graphics are awesome...I love em'...great graphics for Sonic and great game to launch the once popular and now dead Dreamcast..Well Thats a lil' harsh saying dead...LONG LIVE DREAMCAST...The graphcis in this game were ten times better then a few PS2 gamesVoices are horrible in this game...Listen to it in Japanes...It's better then the horrible English voice acting..But the music and sound make up for it..4/5SoundTHE SOUND IS GREAT!  I Love the music in the game...it's great...5/5Sonic Adventure is everything you wanted in a sonic game...It will always be from my opinion sonics.....GREATEST....Adventure...Thats what the game should have bin titled..I also like how everytime you meet a character you gain them..Thats pretty coolOVER ALL THIS GAME GETS A 5 OUT OF 5...GREAT GAME...I LOVED IT...Classic Dreamcast Game...Later...
How complicated must it be for Sega to make a game on a console that's still in development at the same time? And yet, the final game is a smash hit that happens to be pretty top-notch. They've pulled through then, I guess.The game lets you choose to play as 6 different characters (However, you unlock them by playing as Sonic first). We have Sonic (of course), Tails, Amy, Knuckles, E103 Omega, and....Big the Cat...Each of the characters have their own gameplay mechanics, as well as goals and certain levels. Below is the fun factor for each character.Sonic - The levels are actually pretty straightforward. You simply go from start to finish. And boy was it fun.. It's actually pretty close to the Genesis Sonic games, but in 3D. Collect rings, bash robots, you know..The good stuff. Plus, there are some new level-specific gameplay mechanics included, like Twinkle Park's bumper car riding, and Sky Chase's airplane combat! You may as well buy this game just for Sonic alone. After all, as the title character, he has the most levels to go through.Tails - More or less like Sonic's gameplay except he has to race Sonic (later, Eggman, in Speed Highway) in each level. It's not as bad as it may sound, because it only just keeps the pace going, which is great, and don't you think it's kind of exciting to find shortcuts when flying?Knuckles - Rather than going from start to finish, Knuckles has to find 3 Emeralds in each level. So how do you do so? You glide around the place and see if an Emerald is picked up on a radar (REALLY helpful), and they could be hidden in enemies or other places. The only minor (And only MINOR) downside with Knuckles is that there are only about 1 (or 2?) Emeralds throughout the game that could only be found by digging into the ground. I was expecting Knuckles's digging upgrade to be used a bit more specifically for finding Emeralds.Amy - She isn't as fast as the above 3 characters, but she still isn't a bad pick. Although having the same robot chase her throughout levels is a little cringe-inducing, Amy plays pretty well, as she can attack with her massive hammer.E103 Omega - Alright. Who expected a robot to be playable in a Sonic game? I certainly haven't, but I'm glad I am. Omega's gameplay involves massive deals of weaponry, as well as being able to hover later on, and do certain tasks in the levels. In Final Egg, for example, you must destroy Sonic dolls. In Emerald Coast, you catch Froggy. In other levels, you must go destoy other Omega robots! I absolutely love playing as this thing, as much as I love playing as the first 3 characters.Big - Big is a pretty lame downside to this game. He's slow, and you have to go fishing for things. It's as fun as described, and I certainly don't want to go back to playing as him. Sadly, you have to beat the game as all characters if you want to fight the actual last boss, Perfect Chaos, so........That pretty much covers up the characters. As for everything else, the level design is magnificent and lovingly crafted. Plus, the graphics are awesome for the time, and the soundtrack rocks!However, Sonic Adventure is not without flaws. The cutscenes aren't amazing, and while the story is nicely done, some bits of dialogue are a bother (THAT'S A CHAOS EMERALD! - Says Knuckles as 2 Chaos Emeralds have been spotted). Oh, yeah, and there's Big the Cat. Nevertheless, these are, of course, minor problems, as the game is so much fun that you'd hardly think about them.
Sonic Adventure is the best game on Dreamcast and the game in the world. I love all sonic games this is great. The fastest on Dreamcast. A Sega Dreamcast classic.
Most game go to 3D and are horrible but this was a great game. When i saw it i bought the dreamcast just for this game. All the launch units were sold out , so it was a bit of a wait. But looking back at it , this why we are gamers. It reminded me of being a kid again.
This is an awesome game. The graphics are the best that have ever been on any sega system. It has an interesting story and you can play as a few of the old sonic characters from the tv series and the comic. You can even play as super sonic which looks awesome in these graphics. This game will keep you hooked even after you beat it because you will be wanting to do all the levels untill you get all the emblems for beating the level in certain ways.
I used to play only this game as a kid, and I still love it today! The story line is cool and thought out. Only draw back is you have to is through the cut scenes...and they can be kind of long sometimes...The rest of the game-play and plot and story connecting is really great though. The game is going on 15 years old, and for that much time to pass and it still be just as fun (to me) as any game today, that says something.No the graphics aren't AMAZING, the voice acting is not AMAZING, the game-play is not the most intuitive, and the camera angles...let's face it are just plain horrible through most of the game. All that being said, it is still a piece of Dreamcast history and Sonic history as well. A real Sega/Sonic fan would have this game.
Loved this game. I was hooked on it for some time after first buying it. Really liked the sort of freedom Sonic had in this game. The missions and levels that Sonic played in are fun and keeps you wanting to play it for longer. Loved the control of Sonic, loved the graphics. Overall its an awesome addition to the Sonic series. Recommended game for people that have the Dreamcast.
First off, I've been a Sonic fan for 5 years. I've played Sonic Heros, Sonic 1, 2, 3, Sonic and Knuckles, Sonic Chaos, Sonic Blast, Sonic Labyrinth, Sonic 3D Blast, Sonic Drift, Dr. Robotnik's MBM, Shadow the Hedgehog, Sonic Unleashed, Sonic Colors, Sonic Generations, Sonic Rush, Sonic Dash, and Sonic CD. I've also played this game, Sonic Adventure. This game was the best selling game on the Dreamcast. I definetely see why. Great camera angles, great platforming, great speed, great graphics, good voice acting, acceptional cut-scenes, it's perfect. If you want a great 3D Sonic game, get this one. It's also on Gamecube, Xbox Live Marketplace and Playstation Network Store. I don't care what you get it on, just get it. It's certainly a 5 out of 5, 10 out of 10 golden game I'm not as big a Sonic fan as I was in the past, but I certainly love this game no matter what.
I thought that console gaming had reached it's height with Zelda 64. Since then, no game has really impressed me for the N64. Sure Perfect Dark and Zelda: Majora's Mask were great, but nothing could touch Zelda 64. Then, last weekend I received Dreamcast as a Confirmation gift, along with a memory pack (required if you want to save your game, and I think u do) and Sonic Adventure. Now, folks, I was a HUGE fan of Sonic back in his glory days with the Genesis, which reached it's peak with Sonic 2. Needless to say, playing gave me a true sense of nostalgia.Well, within minutes I was hooked to Sonic Adventure. The graphics are absolutely amazing. The level design is the best that I have ever seen. I love how Sonic Team chose to incorporate some RPG elements by including an overworld and some powerup items. What takes this game from great to being a true phenomenon is the playability of 6 characters. I got the game on Thursday and beat the Sonic Quest saturday night... that's not all though! I still have 5 more characters, each with his or her own quests and storylines. Tails and Knuckles are among the playable characters.Take the numerous quests and throw in some mini-games and you have a game that will give you 20+ hours of gameplay.Don't get me wrong, SA has it's flaws. The most noticable is the sometimes awkward camera angles. However, the good outweighs the bad 10 to 1, and SA is a must-have for any Dreamcast owner.Overall, Sonic Adventure was a great game to introduce me to my Dreamcast. Go out and buy Sonic Adventure!
Sure, there are other games out there that have been turned from their 2D incarnations to 3D adventures, but, none have been too successful in keeping that same feeling of what's most important, fun-factor. Yeah, Super Mario 64 on N64 was a great game and all, but it didn't retain the same aspects as the previous 2D Mario games, and many gamers felt it was a much different experience than the other ones, Especially without Mario's brother, Luigi. However, in Sonic Adventure, you get that good ol' feeling, along with all of Sonic's best friends that you've known to love, not to mention a few new surprises here and there! One of the coolest features is the voice-acting! You can have it play in English OR Japanese. What other game does that?! It also supports 5 different languages in text (English, Japanese, German, French, and Spanish), or you can turn off the text. Each of the levels are beautifully rendered in wonderful colors, and Sonic's speed reminds you how large each stage really is. The Lost World action stage is one of the best stages out there in gaming. To go with it's great graphics, new ideas in where you perform multiple tasks, even get chased Indiana Jones-style by giant boulder (this one's on fire!), the music is triple-A (AAA) quality! Actually, most of Sonic Adventure's music is AAA. There are initially five characters to choose from the start of the game, and then six (Super Sonic), after you complete the original five starters' adventures. Super Sonic's adventure takes each of the components from the other five (Chaos Emeralds, Master Emerald, flashbacks, characters), and you are there to witness the final showdown with the game's ultra-menace, Chaos... only now, there's something gone terribly wrong! Chaos has used up the 7 emerald's powers to transform into Perfect Chaos! Robotnik (Eggman), Sonic, and his pals all team up to take him. Bring it on!
The game is amazing. I love Shodan, the plot, voice acting. System Shock 2 is a pure gem. The only problem with it is that since it's old, you can't really play it without issues, or play it at all on new computers. I really hope to see this exact game being remastered, NOT BUTCHERED AND EDITED. I'd love to see new graphics on it, and of course play it again to feel the old good terror. Remember how ''Halo combat evolved'' was remastered into ''Halo anniversary''? It was the same game with better sounds and newer graphics, everything else was the same. I wish someone would already make a newer version of this game.
Why can't there be more games like this?  System Shock 2 is a one-of-a-kind Sci-Fi/Horror game that is a mix between a stealth action game and an RPG.  It defies conventional definitions for games, and that is why I doubt I will ever play another one like it.  I have played some creepy games before (e.g. "Thief", "Arx Fatalis"), but I have never played one before that hit me this hard with a combination of atmosphere and storyline.  You can have nightmares about this game, thanks to its disturbing imagery, dark storyline, and eerie sounds.The entire game takes place on a huge spaceship 67 trillion miles from Earth.  When I say huge, I mean huge.  The ship has gigantic areas for engineering, medical treatment, crew quarters, a command center, and an athletic facility.  There is even a virtual sex booth in a shopping mall.  You really get the feeling that you are walking around a ship that was once inhabited by thousands of busy crew members.  I say "once", because something has gone terribly wrong, and it is up to you to find out what has happened, and escape with your life.As you play, you uncover pieces of the storyline in voice messages that have been left behind by the ship's crew members.  With a few exceptions, the voice acting for the game is terrific.  They start off somewhat chilling, and by the end, they get downright scary.  You follow storylines for individual crew members many times to their grim demise.  I found myself hoping that a character would survive the game, only to find her dead later.  Also, an surviving ally guides you through the game with e-mail messages.  By listening to the messages, you also get clues for the game's puzzles, which are generally very easy to solve.  All the while, you are alone, defending yourself against the hideous force that has hijacked the ship."Terrifying" is an appropriate word to use here.  "System Shock 2" does not rely on scripted events and cheap tricks to scare you.  Instead, it is scary in an Alfred Hitchcock way.  You are frightened by what you don't know is there, and by what you can't see.  You find the corpses of the ship's crew scattered about, and you never get used to them.  Even when there are no enemies in the room, you feel like you are only a split-second from demise.  The brilliant use of sound in this game is one reason why the game is so successful at this.  When you stand still, you can hear enemies moaning or chattering around the corner, or, perhaps, approaching you from behind.This game is not just a simple alien bug hunt.  Stealth is key, and survival is very hard.  The game has an extensive (and sometimes confusing) role-playing system that gives you a variety of ways to develop and equip your character.  In addition, there are about a hundred gadgets and goodies to pick up and use for survival.  The role-playing system has some faults though.  One is that certain skills, like hacking, are too overpowered compared to others, like psionics.  You can't survive the game without a good hacking skill.  Also, there are contrivances in the game that seem to be there to force you to buy certain skills.  For example, weapons are absurdly fragile, so you have to learn the "repair" and "maintain" skills to use them.  I like the role-playing aspects, but "Deus Ex" is better in that department.The graphics for the game have aged very well, with one exception - faces on the characters.  They basically look blocky, and polygon counts for enemies are generally low.  Other than that, the environments in the game are very convincing and immersive.  Rooms are usually dark, but filled with computer consoles and gizmos that flash and beep.The first half of the game is incredibly hard and frustrating and requires continuous use of the "Quick save" and "Quick reload" keys.  This, in fact, is why I didn't finish the game until two years after I bought it.  The storyline is what keeps you going during the frustrating times.  My recommendation is to buy the game, play it, and stick with it.  "System Shock 2" is definitely an acquired taste.  Once you get to like it, I think that you will consider it to be one of the best Sci-Fi/horror games ever made.
I bought this game about a year ago, played it for one day, and for some reason stopped playing it. I guess it just didn't appeal to me that day. I finished Half-Life a few days ago and was looking for something else to entertain me, but I didn't think anything was going to satisfy me as much as Half-Life did. I reinstalled System Shock 2 and decided to give it another try...best thing I ever did. And as a matter of fact this has become one of my all time favorite games I have ever played, and some might call me crazy but I find this game to be FAR better than Half-Life.The graphics are excellent and the sounds are top notch. You really feel as if you are part of this doomed spacecraft. Things jump out at you and pieces of debris come flying at and down on top of you which has caused me to jump out of my seat a few times.The interface is very easy to work with and you'll have it mastered in no time.There are different approaches you can take throughout the game. Some of my favorite things are modifying weapons and hacking into security computers and vending machines.I could go on and on about this game but theres no need to, just read the other reviews and you know that this game is great! I highly recommend it to anyone!Many people may not know this, but Bioshock was stated by the games creator to be a "spiritual successor" to System Shock 2.
This game is amazing you should totally buy it i really love this game and i wish there could be a 3 too this cause it deserves one. This game is really really scary but it is worth the money.
System Shock 2 is hard to categorize, because it blends several genres and styles of games so well. It's a Role-Playing First-Person Shooter Science Fiction Survival/Horror game, with some extra twists here and there. If you wished Half-Life was more like Deus Ex, or you wanted to play the more violent and scary parts of Thief with 22nd century firepower, this is the game you want to play.Though it's getting a bit dated now, this game was far enough ahead of its time to still be very playable. Where the original System Shock made history as a remarkably immersive story-driven first-person shooter, the sequel goes even further with complex character development elements usually only seen in role-playing games. The graphics scale up smoothly enough to still look impressive on today's faster, higher resolution (and higher polygon count) displays, the sound is of sufficient quality to still be just as effective as most newer, more technically advanced productions, and of course, a great story is never obsolete.Once you get into a game this immersive, you forget about the technical details that may no longer be as cutting-edge as they once were. Just turn off the lights, plug in your headphones (or surround-sound if you have it), and try to stay alive. If you happen to forget that it's just a game, this one can really scare you. Definitely not for the faint of heart.The biggest flaw in this game is that the developers just didn't have enough time to fully flesh-out and polish some of the later parts. Certain areas are just less expansive and detailed and finely-tuned than others. The game doesn't significantly suffer from what's missing. It just could have been that much better.By far the most common complaint about this game is that the weapons break too fast. Personally, I don't consider that a flaw. I like the extra stress factor of having to keep an eye on the condition of my weapons. Unlike most First-Person Shooters, your resources are very limited in this game. Throughout most of the game, you will very rarely have enough ammo to stop worrying about making every shot count. There are a limited number of weapons available, and if you keep firing one until it jams, you have to either expend other resources to fix it or deal with the fact that you have one less gun to work with.If you really don't like worrying about broken weapons, there is a way to reduce or completely disable weapon deterioration. It's not a menu option you can switch on and off within the game, but the release notes file on the CD explains how to do it, and it's not difficult.One complaint I've heard about the end of this game is that there are two "final battles" at the end, and the second one is disappointingly easy. I didn't feel that way because I recognized that the first final battle was the climax, and then when there was one more confrontation after that, I thought of it as more of an epilogue than a challenge. This is something gamers just aren't used to, and the only other game I've played that had an "epilogue" after the final confrontation was Half-Life, which has been accused of having the worst ending of any game ever. The ending of System Shock 2 isn't nearly that bad, but it can be disappointing if the relatively short final areas have left you expecting more.Unfortunately, due to the particular circumstances of the closing of the company that developed the game, Looking Glass Studios, it is very unlikely that there will ever be a third System Shock game.
When I played this game, my hands were actually sweating from the SUSPENSE!  The story is quite entertaining with some predictable AND surprising twists in the plot.  This game allows you to play as a Marine (weapons), O.S.I.(psionics/mind power), or Navy (cybernetics/computers).  Each branch has its corresponding (strengths) but having superior computer skills make the game somewhat easier to proceed through the challenging levels.  There are LOTS of high tech weaponry and gadgets throughout the eerie decks of the von Braun including a "red lights" district in the crew's recreational area.  It was more fun for me to solve the levels myself rather than resorting to online walkthroughs.  If you enjoyed Half-Life and Thief, then you'll have a great time with System Shock 2!
System Shock 2 is most likely the scariest game I have ever played, Half-life being the only close contender.  As good as HL is, though, SS2 tops it with more storyline and depth and personality.  I'm an RPG fan and I'd consider SS2 more of an action game than an RPG, but the game still allows you to configure your character in ways that deeply affect the gameplay.  First time through I played as a psionics guy who wielded hand-to-hand weapons.  Late in the game I was able to use an invisibility psi power, run up to enemies, and whack the bejeezus out of them.  I didn't have to use guns much, and when I did I just used the cheesy little pistol.  Next time I play I'm going to specialize in guns and be a long-distance sniper.  The role-playing elements are not that deep, but I still greatly appreciate the opportunity to choose how my character develops.  That's why this game is better than Half-life.I tried to go back and play the original System Shock while I was playing this game and even though I had played and loved the original when it came out, I found the interface way too annoying now to play it. In System Shock 2, the graphics are much much better, and the interface is nice and clean -- very configurable and fairly easy to use even when I was juggling psi powers and healing hypos while backing away from an enemy.I only have a couple complaints about the game: loading times were annoyingly long -- one and a half to two minutes.  This made the difficult sections where I died a lot tough to slog through.  Also, there was one place where I had to use a walkthrough because even though I had the in-game gamma correction turned up all the way, I still couldn't see a passageway I had to go through.  I had to turn up the brightness on my monitor to find it.  You're probably thinking &quot;No duh, dummy&quot;, but I like to play with a low brightness level (makes the game extra scary at night) and I was able to see everything fine except for this one area.  A minor point though -- in general the level design was linear but good.I think I had a nightmare about the cyborg assassins in this game -- the sign of a truly cool and frightening enemy.  If you like half-life (or first person shooters in general) but would like something a little meatier that lets you have an inventory and customizable stats, SS2 is for you.
After playing and enjoying Bioshock (although not enough to warrent repeat playthroughs) I looked at what the developers have previously done and came across this little gem, and basically this affirms my case where better graphics does NOT mean a better game.Where Bioshock was underwater, this one takes place in space, I never played the first one but the storyline for this one seemed to fall into place. When you start out you can choose different talents to use (I chose nice and simple guns) before starting the actual game. When you start in the game everything has turned into hell basically (think Event Horizon) and you try to get from one point of the ship to another and find an escape pod, meeting a few suprises along the way.Where Bioshock was like colorful nautical fun, System Shock 2 is a terrifying struggle for survival, bullets are limited, enemies are powerful (if you play on hard like a man) and you basically choose fight-or-flight, a great staple in survival horror that most modern survival horror games cannot grasp. Although the graphics are dated, the threat is still present, the noises made are chilling, and as a veteran to horror games I had chills go down my spine multiple times as some unholy abomination lumbered closer and closer, and all I have is a wrench to protect myself. The background story is wonderfully hinted at with snippets and audio logs similar to Bioshock, and some of the most horrifying stuff in the game happens off-screen, setting up a tense dread-filled atmosphere, rivaling that of Silent Hill 2.If there's one complaint I have about this game, I wish you could interact a bit more with other survivors, at least in the first part. All you really see is a woman running away then getting shot, and it would've been interesting having someone to work with a little but it's a minor thing and the desolate feeling of being the only character works well in System Shock 2's favor, if you liked Bioshock and aren't a stickler for graphics I recommend you find this game whever you can and give it a whirl.
If you loved Half-Life, this is a must buy. I am not a big FPshooter fan but SS2 (like Half-life) combines a great story with an incredibly immersive atomsphere.  If you have yet to play Quake and its clones do not  bother buying them, start with this one. Not for the those wary of the  macabre.
This game is great.  The sound is terrific, the graphics are good, and the interface is very easy to use.  The best thing about it is the creepy feeling you get when you play it. Try it with the lights out, late at night, when no one is home.  One minor problem that novice players should  note. This game can be very hard. If you are used to Quake-type games, be  prepared to change your style of play. The guns in this game degrade and  break VERY quickly, and there isn't that much ammo to go around anyway. You  should find other ways to get around this problem. It is more realistic in  a sense, because who in the hell is going to want to take on all of these  zombies and killer robots anyway? Part of the fun is avoiding and getting  away from these nasty monsters. Other than the difficulty factor, this game  is near perfect.
LGS stands for Looking Glass Studios. The company has closed down last May. It is sad to see an innovative company being shutdown because the games they make are innovative and intelligent.System Shock 2 is one example. Co-developed with Irrational Games, which has its root with LGS,  this game uses the famous Dark Engine used in games like Thief and Thief 2.  This engine is one of its kind:  1. the physics is realistics (you throw a  box up on a slope and you can see it sliding down slowly; you stack a few  crates and pull away the lower ones and the rest drop and tumbles);  2. the  AI is smart: each critters has eyes and ears and therefore react to sight  and sound. Yeap, they can hear where you are. Unlike many games which cheat  by letting the creatures knwo where you are, this game simulates the real  thing. 3. Sound: I think I need not describe how incredible the sound  effect, music and digitised speech this game produces. You can read from  all the players reviews. It gives so much atmosphere that I shudder to  think what the next version of the engine is going to be like. It's sad  that the company has closed.
There are games that make their mark most recently Half Life but SS2 steals its crown for me. For any FPS or adventure fan/real time strategy this is a cut above the rest. The plot is amazing and left me half way  through the game gasping (yes you know the bit). The progression of your  character with various traits is a steop above half life. It may not have  the shoot em up feel to it as HL but the thinking and realism is  compelling. It took me about a week to complete but this was solid every  evening  - it did take over my social time wondering what will happen next  - its THAT good. The Dark Engine is looking well but will probably look  dated soon and the atmosphere created is untrue. The ability to build on  certain strengths should be built into future games of thie genre. Its a  new thing which works brilliantly. You could go back and complete it using  a differnt trait and uncover skills you never before. The interface is cool  as is the sounds. I cannot fault this game, every gamer should own this -  If your reading this stop and buy it NOW. Looking Glass  - You've given us  an all time classic.
A solidly good sequel to the classic original, 'System Shock 2' was one of the most engrossing games of 1999, and had me playing it well into the early hours. It's not quite as good as the original - or, for that matter,  the same team's 'Thief: The Dark Project', but it's still very good. The  good things are legion - it has the same scary atmosphere as the original,  with you as the lone survivor of an unexpected catastrophe on board an  unfamiliar space vessel. The interior is wrecked, bodies litter the floor,  mutant zombie people are attacking you, and some areas of the ship have  been overtaken by an icky fungus. The later sequences, in which you  discover the nature of the problem, and team up with a strange ally,  contain some of the most effective goes at telling a story in a computer  game without resorting to having pages of text and / or dialogue. The game  itself is much as the original - search everything in sight whilst shooting  - and the 'Thief'-esque engine, whilst not pretty, can do stealth and AI at  least as effectively as 'Half-Life'. The game has a great cool, crisp  atmosphere to it, too.The downsides? As I have said, it's not pretty.  The whole 'character generation' system is almost completely pointless,  and, as you play, you realise that firepower is infinitely more important  than cunning. And the FMV sequences are simply terrible - the ending  sequence, in particular, is totally out-of-place. Most abstract of all, the  down-beat, grim tone gets to you after a while, but that's not really a  fault of the game. Having your guns break over time seems a bit excessively  realistic, too (alhough a patch fixes this), and the last quarter or so  seems rushed. These are quibbles, though.Still, I felt extremely sad  when I realised that I had almost finished and, after spending three days  finishing the thing (it took me 17 hours), I immediately played it again.
This game is the perfect example of what videogames can acomplish to become a truly gripping experience. This game was as well developed as any book or movie with excelent use of moody setting and diverse & imaginative gameplay this is truly an unforgettable experience. In a similar way that prior games like Quest for Glory, there were 3 different "career" paths that  made the game a unique experience to each class; the integration of the different skills to the storyline made it almost like 3 different games. Besides the tremendous gameplay the main thing that set this game apart for me was the great atmosphere, everything here is just right; the monsters are scary and have their own distinct sound effects that can help you spot them before thay are actually in front of you; I recall many "jump ou of your seat" moments while moving along "cleared" levels only to hear a cry of "Die" or "Kill me" while beign hit from behind with a pipe. The tragic stories of the crewmembers unforld via audiologs that really made them more than another faceless NPC; I remember the chilling audiologs telling the tale of creation the first "nanny" ...and then meeting her afterwards.I enjoy first Person Shooters but (as humbling online experiences have shown me) I dont have the necesary skills to compete with the top tier human opponents, but Bots and monsters in FPS are fun, and anyway, this game didnt require that much mouse skills. Over the years modders have made some pretty impresive graphic packs to try to make the game a bit more palatable for modern gamers, but considering its age the gameplay is still as rock solid as ever. I  truly feel this is a must play game for anyone who the slightest bit interested in CRPGs or PC games in general.
This is without any doubt the best sci-fi RPG ever (and I mean ever) made. And it's so scary that the first many hours you play it, cold sweat will run down you neck. It's in 3D, and it's (in my oppinion) the only RPG that  gets away with that. And the sound is so great and sooooo scary that some  times you wish you never loaded the game. Even if the game costs $100, it  was still worth the money.
My favorite thing about SSII is that it tells a coherent story that makes sense.  Every action you take in SSII is motivated by a desire to accomplish a clearly-stated objective.  Goals are not assigned arbitrarily, either, and are extremely well-explained by the superb voice acting.  When you accomplish a mission, you are rewarded with access to more areas of the ship and new missions to accomplish.Another great aspect of this game is the way it flows.  There are no levels, other than levels/decks within the ship you are trying to escape from, and accomplishing certain objectives means traversing multiple decks.There are times when this game is extremely scary.  It's designed to frighten you, and at times it accomplishes this goal very well.  The music is mostly techno, but it's scary techno.  That might not make sense to you, but trust me, it can be very intimidating at times.If you haven't played the original System Shock read up on its plot before you play this game.  The background information you gain will help you out a lot.Overall, this is on my top ten all-time.
Now I love pc and console role playing games as well as pc shooters.  So when I found out about this game years ago I was in heaven!!!  The game is a great mix of first person shooter, role playing, and horror!  Things come at you from around the corner and the very ship you're on is out to get you!  Awesome!  Since it came out years ago it's able to play on even the lowest spec computer.  Graphics may not be up with today's realistic "junk" but who cares this game will scare the crap out of you!!!
There still aren't that many Dreamcast games out than can be called &quot;must-haves&quot;, but &quot;House Of The Dead 2&quot; is definitely one of them. But do you need the gun to play it? YES! Otherwise, it will be  nowhere near as much fun and almost impossible to beat it, as the monsters  are often zipping all over the screen at great speed. The game is  extrememly hard anyway, even set on the &quot;very easy&quot; level (!),  and the first few times you play it you will be killed long before the  final battle, but the game would be over far too quickly if it were easy.  The feel good factor from final victory, however, is always worth waiting  for. Every aspect of the graphics is fantastic, the zombies are incredibly  detailed, especially in close up, and the backgrounds are beautifully  realised. Replay value comes from the many different paths you can take  through the zombie-infested town. These paths depend on the speed and  accuracy of your shooting, and you will enjoy replaying the game to try and  hit those tricky targets, and save the innocent civilians, some of which  are extremely difficult to rescue. Also added is &quot;Original Mode&quot;  in which you build up a store of power-ups and life-ups, and even some  bizarre different weapons and character-modifiers that appear in secret  spots in the course of the game. You really need a VMU for this mode,  although you can enjoy the arcade game without one (there are no save  points during gameplay). Add to this the training exercises, and you have  an arcade experience that is not only transported identically into your  living room, but also enhanced with many extras! The game is above all fun  to play, as it requires no serious investment of time or thought. You can  pick it up at any time, and start blasting the undead!
There is something magical about this game. Everytime you play it, you will surely enjoy it. The graphics on Dreamcast are better, smoother, faster, more stable than those on PC. I can't wait until I get my Dreamcast Pistol Light Gun and try it with this game. I played the game on Arcade machines for years and finished it many times; I really enjoyed every single moment. After that, I got it on PC, and it was a good experience with a PC light gun like the Sega Automag. Finally, I got it for Dreamcast. I enjoyed the 2-player game with my friends. But I am sure that the maximum and ultimate fun will be playing the game with the dreamcast pistol light gun. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED CLASSIC. Get it NOW and you will know what the word &quot;fun&quot; means.
I own House of the Dead on the Sega Saturn (not to mention the third one for XBox) and this sequel proved to be worth the wait (for me). This game lined up with Jet Grind Radio, Sonic Adventure and Sonic Adventure 2 in my great Dreamcast collection, and those are the best games in my Dreamcast collection. I read the reviews before buying it, though, and I noticed that quite a few people were mentioning how crappy the game was without the light gun. So I bought the light gun for my Dreamcast, just for this game, and it is WORTH IT! The graphics are awesome, just like the others, even though the voice acting is one of the worst I've heard in a video game. I haven't tried the game with the controller, I've only spent my times playing with the gun, so read other peoples' reviews if you want to get the idea. The save-the-hostages thing is also really cool-I still haven't completed the game with rescuing all of the hostages (argh! so frustrating!), but you can easily set your game to Easy, Medium or Hard. It's much better than the first one, you can tell, from the graphics to the game play and right down to the light gun compatibility, House of the Dead 2 has it all!
HOFD2 Is Awesome.It's very violent and gory which is why I love it.It was a very popular game when it came to the arcades butnow you can play this blessing game any time you want at yourown home!This is one of Dream cast strong holds before it lost it's popularity in the US.This game is excelent for DreamCast owners...Other games of choiceSonic AdventureSword of BerserkSpawn:In the demons handSoul CaliburIf you have a DC go out and get this game.  It rocks!Later.
I love shooting games and HOD II is the reason that I purchased a Dreamcast rather than waiting for the PSX 2.  HOD II continues on from the original as you are part of a team of government agents once again trying to stop a Zombie creating madman.  You shift from screen to screen, using the Sega Light Gun to blow away various bad guys as they charge at you.  Depending on how and who you shoot, the game branches off through various paths.The graphics are spectacular, nearly identical to the arcade.  The sound is also good, except for the ridiculously silly sounding boss monsters (why do they sound like they have swallowed helium).  The DC version also has great additional features:  boss mode, puzzle levels and target practice.The biggest problems with the game (besides the goofy voices) is that the gun calibration seems to be a little off and the game can become almost too hard to be fun is some areas.Overall, I was really looking forward to this game and I was not disappointed.
Dynamite Cop is short but its FUN. Its even more of a blast with a friend or sibling. The graphics are good for this type of game and the sound is also cool. The choice of characters is decent (5 to be exact) and the action is fast and furious. The game has only 2 downfalls 1) Its short and 2) Basically easy. An option to adjust difficulty settings would have been fun.Too bad thet there were not enough "beat em ups" for the Dreamcast because these are my favourite type of games. Dynamite Cop is apprecieated and is worth it if you like these kind of action games.P.S.The Presidents daughter is buck ugly!!! They could have brushed up on that aspect a little.
It's games like these that make us nerds love the Dreamcast.Dynamite Cop was one of my favorite arcade games back in the day, and this version brings those memories flooding back; you could call this a perfect port, which is something the Dreamcast has always been very good at. If you're like me and ran to the arcade to play this back when it was around, you'll love this version too. Definite recommendation.To those who haven't played before: you choose from one of three secret agents and fight your way through a pirate-infested cruise ship. I hesitate to call it appropriate for all ages, as there are scary moments, gunfire, and explosions, but as long as your kiddies aren't averse to that, it's pretty tame, and never gory. But other than that, this is arcade beat-em-up action at its finest.
This game will keep you occupied for HOURS! Better than Zombie Revenge, this game has awesome bone and joint breaking grab techniques that are very innovative and fun to use! The plot may seem like a repetition of Die Hard Arcade replaced with crazy Pirates but it still is a lot of fun!
I thought with Playstations Madden 99 I had the only football game I'd need for years. But when my brother got the Game Cube, Playstation 2, and XBox, he gave me his Dreamcast, and a few games along with it, NFL 2K being one of them. Turns out, this is a great game. The graphics are good and game play is as good as anything on Playstation. You can force trades to create your dream team, and while you can't play a franchise, you can save your season. The passing game is a little easy, bu it makes up by making a tougher running game. And lik most of Dream Cast's sports games, it is well done and fun. Would I pick this over Madden 99? probably not, but it is a nice addition, and the two games are fun to own together.
Quite Possible The Very Best Football Game That Ever Existed! Simple Controls And Amazing Graphics This Game Was Surely Ahead Of Its Time.
NFL 2k is a one of the most realistic game for the DreamCast.  The game is pretty much a mix of hard-core football with fun arcade.  First off I would recommend getting a Mega Block Memory Card(they have around 800 blocks) `cause the game uses up 191 blocks of memory.  But you can call the your plays with out no one knowing on the VMU.  This is truly one of the funniest games I have ever played.  I would said the greatest strength of the game is the graphics.  They're not fuzzed out or miss colored in any way.  They are very solid and rich.  Game also has 1,500 motion captured moves.  The sound is amazing, it's truly is one of the best sounded games I have ever played.  The has 31 detailed courses, play editor, fantasy draft, ect.  NFL 2k does have some 2D art, but isn't to the point were it bugs to death.  I would highly recommend the game to anyone who is a football fan.
This game has the best graphics of any sports game I've ever seen, and it's extremely fun to play against a friend one on one. When playing in cold weather, each player's breath can be seen, which is just one of the awesome things you'll see here. A drawback is that you can't play a franchise mode like on Madden 2000, and this is a must now for die-hard football gamers. NFL 2K is better than Madden 2000 despite having less features because it simply feels more real. In Madden 2000, use the instant replay on pass receptions to see just how comical it looks when a pass just drops into a receiver's body without his hands moving, or his eyes focused on the ball. It looks as though you will not find this type of blocky and sometimes unrealistic gameplay on the Dreamcast. On NFL 2K, instant replays reveal true one-handed catches, balls going right through a receiver's outstretched hands, and other types of situations that look real. The running game in NFL 2K could use a little improvement, but overall this game is just pure fun and reality for anyone who enjoys playing football video games.
I think the now defunct Sega Dream Cast has some of the best sports games out there (NFL 2K, Virtua Tennis, etc), and NBA 2K is no exception. The graphics and game play are great. I think this is the best basketball game I've come across.
This game is amazing the graphics the game is also pretty easy to play once you get the hang of it.This game is By far the best basketball game on the market today forget NBA showtime forget any N64 basketball games put them away and get NBA 2K you will see how much better this game is than all the wannabes out there in the market.
Realistic, energetic, fast moving, great graphics, challenging, and enjoyable.
this is an awesome game of the 99! well its ABOUT TIME a system made a game for ALLEN IVERSON! who is FAR MORE better than KOBE BRYANT and with the stats to prove it! its just that Allen Iverson doesnt have a perfect team like kobe, as EVERYONE of kobe's team mates are better than the average nba player.Anyways, this game has alley oops, great graphics [graphics are especially good in NBA games cuz it just looks weird when the graphics are bad in nba games, and also if you watch the sport on tv, you can tell who's who and find the better person faster without using direct pass!:) ] The rosters are accuarate, no FAKE rosters such as &quot;roster 14&quot; like the NBA LIVES series. all players are ACTUAL PLAYERS!here are a FEW things you can do in NBA 2Kalley oopsdirect passcross overcreate own playercreate own teamand also when u create a player you cant have him PERFECT, which i think is actually a GOOD thing so the game wont be too easy. and when you make your own team, the names are set for you allowing the announcer to say the name, which makes it less confusing [i was confused when me and my friend played NBA LIVE 98 on computer and both made custom teams]hopefully a system will make a WNBA game soon though, cuz TINA THOMPSON is hott! :).
I was one of the many who bought Dreamcast on the day it was released and along with the system I also bought four games: NFL 2K, Ready to Rumble Boxing, SoulCaliber, and House of the Dead 2.  About a month later I got NBA 2K, my expectations were high because NFL 2K was so good.  Well, I have to tell you, I've had this game for over a year now and I still can't stop playing it.  Everything about NBA 2K is so accurate and well presented that I keep coming back for more.  The gameplay is phenomenal, so life like that you sometimes feel as if your watching a game on tv rather than playing it.  There are also great options, including season mode, trades, fantasy drafts, and create a player modes.  The only negative thing I can say about this game is that in almost every game a player gets injured which is annoying.  But other than that, this game has great replay value and is a great addition to any Sega Dreamcast collection.
This is a fun version of the board game.  It's true to the original and adds animations, music and a great 3D, first person perspective of traveling over the board.  Like the board game, it's a great family game.  I highly recommend it.
I used to play the Board version at my wifes parent's house when I first dated her 10 years ago.  When we went shopping for a few games for our new computer 2 years ago, found this, along with some of our other favorites.Great fun, and a hoot to play.  The best thing is that being computerized takes care of the manual administrative things, like counting money.  (The same goes for similar games like Monopoly), and the graphics and cartoons are really entertaining.  Nice is that you can play with as many as 6 or 8 human players, so everyone can get in.  Either way you play is great.Excellent game, and like other board games that translate to computer, a must have and great fun.
Wow, this has got everything! More options, weapons, levels and loads more than was offered previously. I first picked up the original Worms when it came out back in '95 (it featured the song &quot;Wormsong&quot;, which is where the above quote comes from), and I own every edition that has been released since, and lemme tell you, this is the biggest, baddest, least flawed edition of them all.Although I've never been a fan of the cartoony graphics compared with those in Worms and Worms: Reinforcements, they are much smoother and slicker. The copious amounts of voice packs are hilarious and you can add your own. The menu isn't Windows based like Worms 2, and a real improvement is that you can jump higher as well. Add to that the ability to backflip which is very useful.Overall, the only thing lacking in this are the single player missions that are in Reinforcements, but even then they're replaced by training levels which help increase skills such as aiming bazookas and shotguns, using the Ninja rope, accurately placing grenades etc.So basically, buy this game. Good by yourself, even better multiplayer. Nothing beats a load of other people crowding round your computer screen while you kick their butts!!
all the worms games are fun games. the great part about the worms games is you can play with a group of friends, or alone against the computer.the fact that you can play a quick game or sit and play for hours makes it a great value.
Don't be fooled by the silly premise of this game. This is arguably one of the best turn-based strategy games around. With loads of options and weapons and randomly generated maps, this game has near-infinite replay  value. The multiplayer is perhaps the best part. It is always more fun to  play live opponents in this type of game. An added bonus is that this game  will play well even on low end systems. If you are a fan of this type of  game, and have not played it, you just cannot go wrong with Worms  Armageddon.
This game is lots of fun. The game-play itself really hasn't changed much even from the original title, but lots more options have been added, the cartoons are more comical and &quot;spunky&quot;, there's a lot more  choices. The worms are still their ever-cute selves. Cute new weapons like  Skunk, Bow and Arrow, Exploding Worm have been added to increase its  playability. If you want to buy one out of the three game series, make it  this one.
having problems with a game, look no further for a solution on how to fix things by getting this to help even the score.
This has to be the ultimate cheating device for the nintendo, I had one when I was much younger, but I got rid of it because it had a freezing problem. That was a mistake, this is the only cheating device I know of that allows you to actually create your own codes.Now, I've read that some people are complaining that it doesn't always work. Here are two possible reasons, 1. They're using the wrong version of a game 2. The game cartridge is not securely attached to the gameshark.If you're unsure of your game's "version", you can easily find out by selecting the "New Game" option on the game menu. You should see a "detect game" option, select it, and the game's title and version should appear. Anyhow, using it is simple, just choose the cheats for the game you want to play. You can get cheats online if you don't want to make cheats yourself, which is what I would recommend if you're like me and don't know a thing about hacking.WARNING: DO NOT remove the game from the gameshark for any reason while the nintendo is on. If you do, you could damage the gameshark and maybe even your game if you're already playing it. What happens is this, the game that was removed will work, but the other games will only cause it to freeze.If this happens, you can try this, insert the game that was incorrectly removed, then activate cheats for another game and start playing. Of course, the codes won't work, but turn the nintendo off and then try another game. This isn't a 100% guarantee though, so just be careful with the removal of your games.
Killer graphics! Super internet play! This is twice what Mechwarrior2 was Mechwarrior.If you must buy this please get the expanion game also you will not be disappointed.This game jams up my wife's computer and her internet  service so much they kick me off.This game makes me wish I had a sdsl modem  line.THIS GAME REALLY KICKS........!
Though a bit old, MW3 is STILL the best. The Campaign is fun, great overall mood and atmosphere, combined with two tracks from a little known music group known as 'Twisted Tenderness', 'Haze' and 'Make it happen'. -The music is limited, but darn good.The REAL fun of MW3 is online gameply, where you must outplay, outgun, and most importantly, outdesign your opponents. The mechlab, where you go to customize your multi-ton 'mech', is admitadly unrealistic, allowing the player to place multi weapons on a mech chasis obviously not made to have certain weapons in certain places, but it's also one of the most enjoyable aspects; with it you can place insane amounts of misilles or the dreaded Ultra autocannon 20 on each arm or torso side.It takes a bit of ingenuity to outwit the many other oline players when it comes to design, for design is ultimately what kills or gets you killed. -to do so you must balance weapons, armor, armor type, chasis type, engine and equipement to devise the most lethal mech you can...and hope it's better than your opponents.The unfortunate aspect of online gaming is, of course, the lag factor. Often you must shoot several mech lengths ahead of your opponent to actually hit them, which can be very annoying. But if you can suppress your ego long enough to master this irritatiing quirk, suffer many defeats, and learn what it takes to survive the online world of MW3, it is awesome. The array of different weapons and equipment at your disposal, the stunningly beautiful mech chasis in your arsenal....I've owned Mechwarrior three for over two years now, and I know I will always come back to it for more.To summarize: The campaign is more than enough to justify buying this incredible game, especially at its current price tag ... , and the online gaming rooms makes it worth twice the price.  Currently, Mechwarrior three is only played on two gaming services that I know of, Gamespy, and the more popular MSN gaming zone. -And to further compliment the online experience, there are maps, called 'icemaps', which reduce your weapons heat to nearly nothing, readily available from different websites. They add a very fun aspect of insane destruction to you gameplay, helping you to obliterate your enemies in a few well placed shots.In short, Mechwarrior 3 ROCKS and always will.On a related note: Sadly, this game is hard to find, and even harder to find is it's expansion pack, 'Pirate's Moon', which gets a rating every bit as good as MW3 from this Mechwarrior.Now, man your mechs and prepare to dominate the battlefield.......
I've had this game for years, and always go back a play through from time to time .  :).
Summary: Fantastic flight model, incredible depth of simulation, amazing thoroughness of detail, beautiful scenery, fairly stable with 1.08 patch.  Also, absolutely spellbinding on every level.  The only jet fighter simulator better than this is classified.Words simply cannot express the mind-boggling excellence of this simulation, or my level of satisfaction at finally buying, installing and taking on its challenge.I'm a real-life pilot with over 2000 hours of small airplane flight time, and I think it's safe to say that I've got about 10,000 hours of "flight" time on classic sims such as F-19, F-117A, Janes WWII Fighters, EF2000, Mig Alley, Falcon 3.0, Janes F-15 Strike Eagle and FS98.  I started "flying" on an Apple IIe in 1983, on the original Microsoft Flight simulator with a green screen monitor.  Aviation, especially fighter aviation, has been an obsession of mine since I was 6 years old.  If your profile sounds anything like mine, the simple truth is that Falcon 4.0 is your holy grail.In the earlier Falcon 3.0, the people at Spectrum Holobyte pushed the outer limits of what the "casual" PC flyer could learn and do.  In creating Falcon 4.0, the team at Microprose didn't just push those limits; they rammed right through them like a Durandal through runway concrete.  Be assured, Falcon 4.0 isn't a game.  It is nothing less than a full blown recreation of nearly every significant function and capability of the General Dynamics F-16C Block 50/52, and of every sight, sound and situation that the real life pilot of that aircraft would experience in wartime.  Name a system, a weapon, a readout, a display, a HUD function, a capability or a feature of the real F-16, and the odds are about 98% that you'll find it perfectly simulated in Falcon 4.0.  About the only thing this sim can't do, is yank the blood down out of your brain and make your head weigh 80 pounds, and I'm sure that only budget considerations stopped this world-class team of software developers from finding a way to provide us with that experience.If all you want to do is ram the throttle forward, punch holes in the sky, and gun down the bad guys without having to think too much, the excellent "Jane's WWII Fighters" is the sim for you.  If, however, you recognize that modern-day fighter pilots are the ultimate high performance human beings who combine tactical combat knowledge with the ability to manage incredibly complex airplanes and systems under intense physical and mental stress, and if taking on just the idea of that kind of challenge appeals to you, buy Falcon 4.0 right now before it disappears completely.  The sad truth is that this sim is simply too good for 90% of its potential market - the average "casual" PC flyer will open the (very well written) 100+ page manual and feel like a Maverick has hit him or her in the noggin.  USAF fighter pilots are some of the smartest, brightest, most over-achieving people on the planet, and to master Falcon 4.0, that's pretty much who you will need to be as well.  If you've got what it takes, however, the rewards are here - and I do mean all the rewards are here.  Everything.  This is as good as PC-based jet fighter sims are ever going to be.Note: This review applies to Falcon 4.0 flown in Campaign mode with avionics, flight model and systems all set to "realistic."  If you just want to turn, burn and heave missiles at things, you can turn all that stuff down to "easy," enter the Dogfight arena, and have a blast!  Also, the essential Version 1.08 patch can be found at "falcon4.com".
1987, year of acid house, and Spectrum Holobyte's 'Falcon' (ST / Amiga).Gigantic and imposing, 'Falcon 4.0' is more or less the last word in ultra-realistic, ultra-anal combat flight simulators, one which shot  itself in the foot. After half a decade in the making, it came out two  years ago to variable reviews - most praised the stunning graphics, the  realism and the campaign, whilst bemoaning the monster PC required, and the  mountain of bugs. Nonetheless, this is a product of quality and depth,  something to which the passionate network of fan sites testifies. Two years  later it still looks stunning (the horizon stretches away seemingly  forever, and only the chunky textures look dated). The newer patches  (multi-megabyte downloads all) fix most of the bugs, leaving the world with  a rock-hard simulation of an F16 locked in combat with North Korea.Apart  from the ultra-realism (just for example, you don't just have to fly  waypoints - you have to do it *on time*) the campaign mode sets it apart  from the competition - you're basically flying over a giant wargame, one  that is played out in real-time (even when you're selecting ammunition  load-outs and so on), and your actions, however small, play a part in the  big picture. As you soar over the battlefield, you watch explosions ripple  along the ground in the distance. The complexities involved in planning and  administering strike missions can be daunting - thankfully, you don't have  to, as you can just drop yourself into an existing mission.Despite the  ability to tweak the realism, this is still frighteningly complex to start  with, even if you're a flight sim veteran. The relative antiquity of the  F16, compared to such sci-fi aircraft as the much-simulated F22,  contributes to this - if you're expecting to just press 't' to hit the  nearest ground target, you'll be horrified at the array of radar modes,  bombing crosshairs, and the insanely strange way in which you can't just  press a button to drop a bomb - your fire control computer does that for  you. Nonetheless, once you start to get the hang of it, it's gripping.As  in real life, the Other People fire back - and, often, your first warning  of an incoming missle will be a loud bang, followed by a complete loss of  control, a spin, a radio voice announcing an incoming missile, and a crash.  It's not fair, but then again neither is real life. Flying low over enemy  vehicles will get you shot to pieces, and with 510 cannon rounds you can't  strafe them into oblivion. On the other hand, I can't think of another sim  that lets you drop napalm over the enemy.It's interesting to compare it  to DID's five-year-old 'EF2000'. That also had a clever campaign mode,  although being set over Norway it was mostly restricted to air and sea  units. DID's simulations managed a balance between realism and playability  that fell on the latter end of the scale.
when I first received The package I open it as fast as possible. I inserted it in the system and played it for a few hours and enjoyed every minute. All the buttons worked so wonderfully I couldnt believe how much it played like the original. I could say to everybody, If you want to relive the past buy this controller. You will never regret it in any way,shape or form. Come on go buy it.
This is the best controller-type setup that I've seen. The nicest thing about it is that ALL buttons are within easy reach of your thumbs. No hand-removal here folks. Sony was SMART when they modeled their Playstation controller after this one. With that in mind, I feel that Nintendo made a GRAVE MISTAKE with their N64 controller. That controller prefers analog over the digital, buttons that are out of the way, and not to mention, it's as big as your face. No, the basic SNES controller doesn't have turbo or anything like that, but even the super-sized one is small when compared to Dreamcast and N64 controllers.
The controller for the Super Nintendo is great. The size is perfect for anyone and the buttons can be easily reached by your thumbs. Sony made a great decision by modeling their PSX controllers after the Super Nintendo's controllers. If you are looking for a controller with turbo or a a fancier controller with a joystick and a different feel, this is not the controller you want. But if you want a standard controller for you Super Nintendo, this is the controller you want to get.By buying this controller from Amazon.com, you will be making the right choice...With all of the new systems continuously coming out, you may not be able to find a controller for your Super Nintendo in stores for much longer.
My son likes to shop on here all the time.  So far everything he has purchased works fine, including this joypad.
They work great and have a good length cord. The buttons arent stiff but they arent touchy either. Just right.
First off it isn't a first-party (made by Nintendo) controller, and there is nothing on the packaging or on the controller itself that screams "NINTENDO"  so don't look for it. All you need to know is that this controller works, perfectly just like the original controller. Lots of people have given this controller negative reviews, but I can't figure out why other than because they expect it to function and feel just like an original controller. Pfheh!!! Granted the L and R buttons click and the plastic feels cheap, as long as you can pull off moves in your favorite games, that's all that matters! And this controller definitely delivers.
This controller does its job - the D-pad seems a little flimsy and the diagonals are not that strong, however it's better than most and comes at a fair price.
I was hesitant to get this program. I am not a frequent fan of Scrabble and felt that their earlier incarnations were sub-par. The 80's was just black and white and the Deluxe Version didn't take advantage of the technology (both are DOS). The Windows version before this came close, but resetting your color settings was annoying. This new version blows all previous versions out of the water. Finally, a choice of board views: slant or up and you can still easily read the word score tiles on the topside view (my favorite) and if you have the right soundboard, you will hear an orchestra of stupendous music. Please treat yourself to a soundboard (like the Turtle Beach Santa Cruz) it is fabulous! Of course, if you prefer, you can turn off the music. You have three choices of board styles, a MUCH better selection of background art (no more dark and dreary somber backgrounds like the last version!!!) and a more realistic selection of replacement tiles; just like playing for real. You can also select auto-pick or have the computer auto-pick for you. Scrabble fans must have wrote in with suggestions on improving the game (I hope!) and it looks like they've listened. I hope they listen to that disappointed player who said they couldn't get tech support for it. I saw a patch for it at hasbrointeractive.com, but I think the patch solves mainly multiplayer issues, and not the ones the disappointed player has. I sincerely hope the problems for that person are resolved, as this is a great game, giving you more choices, more realistic play and is greatly entertaining.
Scrabble CD-rom is the game that we all grew up with but updated so that you can play on your computer.  There are 6 different skill levels and you can play many different type games including classic scrabble against the computer, other players (up to 4), tournaments, online and special new mini games.The best way is to challenge &quot;maven&quot; the computer opponent.  You can chose his skill level and increase it as you progress.  The game also contains a dictionary so there is no arguing over which words are real.To help you, there is a cheat/hint code in the game that you can take advantage of when you are stuck.I have a Sony Vaio computer running windows XP and i had no trouble installing and playing this game.  Scrabble CD rom is the classic game but made modern and more fun.
This game is terrific. I love being able to play against others online. That feature basically just makes this whole game worth while to me. For a game like Scrabble this has very good graphics. The dictionary feature is  very useful as well.This is a great game for those rainy days, and where  i live there are a lot of them :).
Once you get the game to play, this maybe the best translation of a board game to the PC.  Game play is good, and as a long-time scrabble player, it is really convienent not to have to look for pieces and draw tiles manually.  Plus being able to save games in progress.One word of warning:  If you have trouble clicking to start menus (like I did), turn off your main word processor program before you load and run Scrabble. That helpful hint came from the Hasbro web page FAQ.  In addition, they have patches and upgrades available.  After having returned games twice to the store, I discovered this trick and I didn't have to run the mouse over the screen to erase the old menu to get to the new one.All in all, Hasbro does a really good job translating their board games on to the PC.  I recommend that if you enjoyed the board games, you'll love the PC versions.
I have Windows XP on my laptop and I've never had any trouble with this game. I do have a refurbished IBM computer. This game allows you to play solo, with human or computer opponents. The CG opponents come with various levels of Scrabble experience. There are also "quickie" games that involve using letters in your rack to make the highest scoring word. This is one of the best Scrabble games for your PC, though updated versions have since been released.
Don't be fooled by the design, this is an excellent game. There are plenty of rides to build, coasters, merry go rounds, observer towers, 3d cinemas, motion simulators, e.t.c. Park managment is easy, with graphs and plenty  statistics to manage your cash flow or park value. The only problem with  Roller Coaster Tycoon is the time it takes to pass a year, aroung 90  minutes. Some of the scenarios require you to do it in 4 years, so expect  to be playing for a long while. Though i must say time seems to pass fast  because it is not boring. And they just released the expansion to this  giving you more rides and scenarios, its really great.
This game is simple, quick to install, and not too advanced in graphics.  It came out in 1999 by Micropose, and has been the subject to a few add-ons such as Loopy Landscapes and Corkscrew Follies, and now even a sequal: Roller Coaster Tycoon 2.  This game is enomously popular and has been a favorite of many.The game has a simple concept: build and mantain a theme park.  To those that ever played any of the &quot;Sim&quot; games such as Sim City 3000, 4, or Sim Theme Park, this share the same basic concept.  It is a typical simulation game.  However, I find it very addictive and love this game!You start with different missions, you are given a land and are required to obtain a certain goal, mostly get a certain amount of people in your park, mantain a 600 Park Rating, by a certain time, such as by 4 years.  I find them all very easy done, and it is not very challenging.  However, it is all still EXTREMELY fun.  It is the satisfication of watching the roller coasters you built bloom and attract guests.  It is the satisfication of watching a boring chunk of land be a hit amusement park.  It is the satisfication of expanding your park to be bigger, and have more rides, and attract more and more people.  This is one of the best games out there, and I haven't checked out Roller Coaster Tycoon 2 yet, but this is my favorite game for my PC, and that's REALLY good because I genrally pefer action games.Roller coaster tycoon lacks flashy graphics, but the sounds are amazing.  The scream of the people on the roller coaster, the zoom of the go-karts, the ca-ching sound of making money, the boom of the thunder when it rains in your park.  The game has a simple yet specific money management, though it is frustrating to wait to collect money to fund your next project- a typical drawback of many simulations.  Another cool thing is the actually designing of a roller coaster, which is like an art, choosing the turns, drops, loops, etc.  The only drawback is that just the slightest drop, and the ride gets a rating of &quot;Ultra-Extreme&quot; and nobody will dare to ride it.  Each guest can be clicked on to examine what foods/drinks he's bought, or what rides, how much money, or even how happy he is.  The game is very addictive and definetly deems a reccomendation from me.  All simulation fans or Sim City fans will definetly love this game, and it is very easy to learn to play.  I even think this video game has an educational value, with the finance and money managing, and construction skills.  It is a game that will appeal to people ages 10-100.  Definetly get this game!
This is a great game! The custom coasters are the thing that really gives this game its value. There are so many different options you can add to your park. Hours and hours of fun A must buy!
I love strategy games that really get you thinking. Roller Coaster Tycoon garners many accolades in that it allows you to wear a variety of hats: city planner (as you lay out your park), architect (as you design your  rides), landscape architect (as you grade the terrain and select the  perfect varieties of trees and shrubs), park manager (as you raise and  lower the price of popcorn), and so much more. In addition, Roller Coaster  Tycoon wraps all of this in a layer of camp--imagine finishing the design  of a new coaster, opening it up, children file in, then turn green and  vomit on their way out...oops! too intense! The sounds in the game are  hilarious. It even allows you to select individual children and assign them  names affording you the ability to track their moves. Click on any child  and you can see what he or she is carrying, how much money they've spent  and what their needs are. Do you have enough bathrooms? Enough restaraunts?  Benches? This game is fun! Well worth the low price.
RCT is a simulation theme park.  Build anywhere from landscapes to MONSTER wooden roller coasters. Choose from paths, landscaping, transport rides, gentle rides, thrill rides,  water rides, rollercoasters, and shops.  Build  your own theme park while keeping it clean and safe, but draining every  cent out of your guests.
I used to play this game for hours at a time when I was younger. I had been looking for it in stores for a long time and I didn't even think about checking here, so when I saw it, I ordered it right away. It has challenges that you have to beat in order to get different levels. It's a great game and I play it for hours at a time.
Wow, this game is amazing. A must buy for anyone who absolutely loves rollercoasters like me. I bought this game recieved from Amazon, who delivered in excellent condiion, and played it the day I got it. At first I thought the game was mundane and boring, but I hung in there, and before I knew it I had a very successful amusement park, and I met my goal in no time at all. My Culinary Arts teacher, Mrs. Vickie Harrington, known on here as Ms.Parrothead, got me addicted to this game, and I love it. Please buy this game from Amazon. Amazon definitely delivers every time!!!!
Roller Coaster Tycoon is increadable addicting.  I would suggest having a friend hide the game on occation so you can get some sleep.  You can do so much in this game is hard to grasp.  Some of the thing are build your own  rollercoaster or have a custom made on.  Keep your park popular and keep  building the new mega attration that will keep you top.WHAT A  GAME!
Another addicting game. I have been trying to play this game and The Sims at the same time and there just isn't enough time. I played this for 6 hours yesterday (Sunday) and wondered where the time had gone. I had bought Disney's Coaster several years ago and thought this game would be just like it. Wrong! This game is way better. You have several scenarios you play plus you can play and redo real amusement parks. They give you lots a money to start with to build up your park. You control the admission fees, the price for all of the rides, price on the food, and you can even charge people for usin the restrooms. You hire mechanics, people to mow and clean garbage, security guards, and entertainers. You can change the color of every ride and play your choice of music. There a banners that will display any message you type plus you can name any ride or food place. The best thing is you can design your own rollercoasters and water rides though they are expensive (don't build your water ride too big as you typically only have 2 boats and the lines get long and customers get upset). You also do your own landscaping and you can see what every customer in your park is thinking and how each ride is liked. If you choose to, you can watch them ride each of your rides. The only conflict with the game I have seen was what they call &quot;thrill rides&quot;. When you go to build these, the excitement level is typically low to moderate so I am not sure why they call those thrill rides.This is a very addicting game and time will get away. I think if you get this game , you will also get addicted and then you will have to go buy the other 2 expansion packs, just like I did.
I happened to play Sim Theme Park (STP) first, which I liked, but in which the gameplay was constantly interrupted by a need to fix the rides.  And while playing it, I was thinking, &quot;Well, if that wasn't part of the game, what would there be left to do?&quot; Now I get it.You can set up a park in Roller Coaster Tycoon (RCT) that basically runs itself.  If you staff it well, you won't even have to worry (much) about the usual things that turn guests off (litter, vandalism, lack of facilities, etc). And what are you doing during all this? Planning expansions. Landscaping. Building roller-coasters. And it's surprisingly entertaining.A comparison with STP is useful here: In STP I would repeatedly find some little detail and think &quot;Well, that was cool.&quot; The artistry of that game is elaborate--but inside of a week or two of fairly casual play, I had seen all there was to see. In RCT, though, the sensation one has is of actually making a park his own, as opposed to just arranging elements that an artist has given him. (You're still arranging someone else's artwork in RCT, but the pieces are small enough tht it doesn't feel that way.)STP has the ultra-cool first-person perspective option courtesy Bullfrog's ultra-cool Dungeon Keeper/Populous/Theme Park engine--and yet the graphics in that game are so gaudy as to be somewhat tiring. RCT's decidedly more primitive graphics are actually easier to look at after a while, and really encourage you to landscape your park! The two main drawbacks of the engine are that there's no first person view and that you can only rotate the isometric view by 90 degrees.STP's free rotation and zoom would be welcome here, but RCT provides myriad different views by allowing you to hide different features of the park and terrain. In fact, the depth of various RCT tools are amazing, some of which I was surprised were left out of STP (which was released after).  In fact, I find myself hesitant to state that there are tools missing from RCT because I've found so many of them after thinking &quot;I wish the game gave me a way to....&quot;.The game is not perfect, of course. What is the deal with handymen? In STP you could drop your handyman on top of six piles of vomit and he might just walk away. In RCT, he'll clean them up, but you'll wonder why he hadn't done it before. (The manuals even admonish you that your handymen are sort of clueless. I think it must be some sort of AI problem.)The route-setting mechanism in RCT is more primitive than STP's (where you just have to drag your mouse around the area you want your worker to partol) but surprisingly RCT's works better in the sense that it's much easier to add or remove a section of the park from someone's route. Neither game has a feature for you to say &quot;Who's patrolling this area?&quot; which results in some drudge work when your park gets big. You can't rename your workers in RCT, either, which was a big help in STP for keeping track of them.Also RCT allows you to do some very cool stuff with tunnels and bridges, but it's hard to patrol those areas. In an early game I ended up putting a roller-coaster very, very high up because of the way the terrain was, and I could =not= get mechanics to inspect the ride, resulting in the deaths of 16 poor little sims when the coaster suddenly flew off the track. (So much for that &quot;Safest Park&quot; award.)Probably the most disturbing aspect of the AI in this game is how easily the guests get lost. One of the maps has a beautiful flower garden arranged in columns with one aisle going down the center, and guests entering that will never find their way out. You can build a perfectly feasible real-world map and end up with an RCT-world mess. Often a creative solution is available, though.But again, most of these complaints feel like nitpicks. I can see why this game has persisted on the top ten charts for two years, and I'm glad I got it as a sort of &quot;antidote&quot; to &quot;Black and White&quot;. It doesn't ask you any deep philosophical questions, and it doesn't really challenge one's ideas about what computer games can be or do: It's just fun.Before I end this, let me add that this game is somewhat tougher to learn than Sim Theme Park. I could see 6-8 year olds playing STP whereas this game strikes me as having a 10-year old lower level.
This game is wonderful!  I couldn't believe the amount of physics in this game.  You have a lot of rides to choose from, and endless opportunities!  One really good thing about this game is that there's a lot of levels, which is really suprising for a sim. game.  The game has a nice learning curve, although it's pretty difficult to make a good roller coaster when you're inexperienced.  The graphics are really good, considering it doesn't take much to run the game.  It's really fun watching roller coaster cars going fifty miles per hour through loops, corkscrews, helixes, and many more special track designs.  Sound is great also.  You hear people laughing, screaming when you overlook your park masterpiece.  The conversation sounds even get louder when you get to more crowded areas.  This is a great game; I suggest every sim. lover should buy it.
OMG!!!! I have never played a game like this in my intire LIFE!!!!I would HIGHLY recomend this for anyone who loves building games!!!!I don't know if i got this same exact kind but, LOVE it anyway!!!!
This is the one.  I have owned this game and continued to play it since it debuted over two years ago.  I have watched it sit on the best seller charts for two years.Okay, in the modern era of 3D the graphics are a little dated.  Sure it's just sprite animation, but the beauty is in the details Chris Sawyer and his team added.  In a 3D game (see the awful SimThemePark and SimCoaster for examples), this level of minute detail can't be added, there just aren't polygon pushing graphics cards in existence to do it.  So the reality is they are only dated because the game industry says 3D is the thing, and not because they are less beautiful and detailed.The sound in this game is quite remarkable.  As you scan your park you'll intuitively now what parts are popular because you'll just hear that familiar buzz of humanity when you pass over it.  You know what I mean, the soft buzz you hear at a baseball game in between innings or even at Disneyland throughout your day.  It's just the sound of a ton of people all in one place.  You'll know you're passing over your most popular ride because you hear the screams of riders and giggles of people at the ride exit.  Oddly enough, next time you go to a theme park, you'll swear you hear sounds right from this game on the thrill rides.The brilliant idea of letting you create your own rides makes the game as limitless as your imagination.  If you're a theme park nut, how can you resist trying to build your own Disneyland, and watching small visitors enjoy your masterpiece?  You'll never create the same park twice because your imagination will send you in different directions each time.Are there some problems with this game?  Absolutely, but only after TWO years of playing.  The fan community for this title has a long laundry list of things they would love to see in an RCT 2, but this is just a testament to how detailed and fun the first game is.  It simply is a reflection that the game's fans can't wait for a sequel.Go ahead and get this and pick up the Loopy Landscapes expansion.  It is well worth it.  If you have Windows 2000, then be sure to visit the official web site for a patch.  I can't tell if you if XP is supported, you'll want to check their official site.There is a massive fan community on the web that has devoted hours to writing special tools and &quot;trainers&quot; to let you unlock a few things this game's designer didn't see fit to add.  But don't let that scare you away.  Without any of those things you will find hours of enjoyment, especially if you are a theme park nut.If this game came out in 2001, I think it would still be worthy on five stars.  Consider when it DID come out, and ask yourself how you missed out on this one.
Roller Coaster Tycoon's VERRRY addictive, whether it is played by a kid or by an adult. It's fun, it has cool graphics, easy goals, etc. I spent playing it once for 7 hours that I couldn't even hear my mother telling me to quit playing and eat my dinner. When I went to a friend's house, I brought this game and introduced it to my friends. They were all engrossed and couldn't concentrate on what we should have done and instead, played this game for hours. My biggest mistake was lending the CD to one of my friends and returned it to me a couple of months later.Handling this game is pretty easy, with all the building of roller coasters, stalls, etc. I have a lot of strategies in this game like, prioritizing to build an information kiosk first so that if it rains, you could raise money by increasing the prices of umbrellas. Anyway, parents should buy this game for their children 'coz it doesn't promote violence, enhances strategies &amp; experience the fun of playing it.
Roller Coater Tycoon is by far one of the best simulator PC game I have ever played.  This game is what it sounds like...You build a theme park.  There are many different environments to choose from(you get more environments as you beat more levels.  The graphics in this game aren't jaw dropping but they are okay.  But this game isn't about graphics, it's about freedom.  It's very challenging to get your guests to actually like your park:)This is a great PC game and is highly reccomended.~Dan~.
This is a good game to get into if you've got some time on your hands. It's definitely addicting, but it's not the type of addicting like where it's boring as hell but you want to keep playing to unlock secrets and whatnot. It gets more challenging as you play, and doesn't slow down. You're constantly moving and keeping the park clean as well as the rides moving smoothly. You're keeping your patrons from [getting sick]... and keeping them from leaving the park, and want them to spend as much money as they have in your park.You can design your own rollercoasters, water rides, go kart rides, etc. It's a great game to get into, but just be aware that you'll want to keep playing once you've started.
Why not buy this version you ask?  You may be saying to yourself I'll buy this one and see if I like it then I'll buy the expansions, but I guarantee if you buy this game, three months later want BOTH expansion packs as well as Rollercoaster II.  So spend the extra ten bucks now and get the two expansions.This game is incredibly addictive, just when you think you've got everything figured out, you'll find something new that you want to do.  I have had this game for six months, four months ago I had every land beat. But I kept playing, even on parks that have been completed I still love just picking some angry guest and do everything I can to make him happy.  I destroy old coasters and build my own design.  This game has enough to do to keep even the most veteran gamers happy.  The game earns five stars and higher if I could.  But I only gave it one star because for ten bucks more you can almost quadruple your fun!BUY IT!
This is an extreamly addictive game.  Both  my son (10) and I want to play and we are constantly trying to get the mouse from the other during game play.  We have various sim city and sim train games but none are as fun to play as this one.  I think this is for two reasons.  First, the game is not one where you get frustrated because you go bankrupt every time you try to play.  Second, ammusment parks are fun to go to and fun to build on a PC.  You can build the park of your dreams!  Additionally, the program is easy to learn, seems to be absolutely bug free and the graphics are great.  It lets you change the landscape and build various tunnels and other things that you wish they would have on real parks (if they weren't so darn cost concious).  If you like sim games or just want to try one to see if you like them, this is the one to get.  Happy building!
Phew! Meeting those scenareo goals were tough. But I did it. Anyone who likes themeparks for real or on game, will love this. Don't be fooled by the title. It isn't just rollercoasters. In fact there is more of the other types of themepark attractions than there is coasters. Lots more.You get to manage everything from staff to construction. You can also theme them and name them. Whatever type of themepark you want to do. Do it. Everything is to scale, which is quite unusual for a strategy game. The only drawbacks are the very drawbacks that real park managers would have. Once all of the goals are met an extra park appears. And then you can do what you want.It's tough and time consuming, but worth it.
this game is lots of fun.  i reccomend it to kids who love to figure out how to put something together.  this game is loaded with education on how to spend your money wisely and how to construct things.  it is a fun learning game.
This is such a great game. I love every minute of it! I just can't go on it for five minutes: it turns into five hours!The whole point of the  game is to create a cool theme park and have so many guests in the park and  a certain park rating by year 2, 3, or 4. I love building roller coasters  on this game, although it can be tough (most coasters I build get an  intensity rating of ultra-extreme and nobody rides it). But lets not forget  merry go rounds, food stands, bathrooms--all the small things.However,  this is not without its faults (what game is?). For instance, the goal of  the scenario. If you surpass the amount of guests in your park and the park  rating is above the required (usually around 600), and it's only year 2,  you gotta wait. And that can be aggravating. Second, why can't guests go on  the ultra-extreme coasters? It's not like they'll kill them or  something.All in all, this is a great game for your PC. It's like a  drug, how addictive it is. You might need a prescription to get off of it!
Without a doubt, this is the most popular game I have ever seen. It appeals to everyone, from my friends who love RPG's to the ones who can't stop playing shooters. I honestly have not come across one person who doesn't like this game. You start the game with about 5 scenarios available in which you have to build up different theme parks to meet certain goals to unlocking new scenarios. You can control almost everything in this game, (and even more with the expansions) from how much a slice of pizza costs to raising the price of an umbrella when it's raining out. Not only that, but you can see what every single guest in the park is thinking, carrying, and doing; as well as pick them up and move them around or name them. There are also tons of rides, from Merry-go-Rounds to haunted houses, and plenty of scenery options and themes, but where the game really shines is on the construction of roller coasters. The game has pre-built ones for you, but you usually need (and want) to make your own. It takes practice to build ones people actually want to ride on, but once you get it down, it's awesome. You can spend hours and hours playing this game, it keeps you every bit as glued to the screen as Civ II did. Although the game doesn't let you build a park from scratch, the Loopy Landscapes expansion does, so that problem is solved. The only detracting flaw of this game is that it's sometimes hard to see what you're building if there are too many other rides around you, but you can usually fix that by rotating the view and making things transparent.  Buy this game, you'll absolutely love it.
This is one of my favorite computer games ever. You get to build all the rides you want and create your own amusement park. The one thing that I find really annoying is that you have to keep raising and lowering the ground, but other than that this is a great game.
I remember playing this game as a kid, and when I came across it again years later I wanted to play it. I'm happy to say that its even better than i remember. Create large parks, entertain lots of guests, basically create your own world! I love this game to bits, and yes its a bit old and dated but for me its perfect. If you played this as a kid and loved it, pick it up again. If you are new to it, maybe look at a video of the game play and see if it is something you could enjoy. I love this game to death I'm keeping it forever!
This game is so much fun I play it too long.I would give it ten stars if possiable.I request anyone with a computer to buy this game and its add-on pack.
In this game, you can build your own dream park with lots of rollar coaster, shops, merry-go-round, beautiful games, etc. You can design your own rollar coaster with any colour and can design your own park. Except this, you can also kill people in your park. You can build a non-finish rollar coaster and then start it, when the rollar-coaster-car reach there, it will throw away and 'BOMB', all the people in the car will die immediately! But this is a healthy game for children and kill people will diminish your park's rating so I don't think you should do that.
First of all, this is not Sim City, nor was it even made by the company, but that is a good thing in this case. The first difference is that rather than starting with some random piece of land to build your park, you pick a scenario to beat! The controls are far easier than Sim City and it flows more smoothly and there are far more details like walking people that get hungry, angry, thirsty, sick and tired. You must make sure they have fun! By building steel, standing, corkscrew, wooden, and backward coasters, yada yada, Ferris wheels, motion simulators, merry-go-rounds, log rides and you get the picture. You can customize everything in the game, the color of the ride, the speed of the ride, how many loops or laps everything has. However, you need to be careful of three things when it comes to rides. The excitement to get the people on the ride, the intensity to make sure they get a thrill and the nausea factor to make sure they don't throw up, but when they throw up, that's when you hire maintenance people who walk around cleaning stuff.
This has to be the best game i have ever played, and i have played a lot of games! This game is so addictive, i think about it all the time. During school i think about some way i can build a better theme park! The graphics  are okay. Frame rates are good at first but when you start building a lot,  and more people come in, they start to drop. It has pretty good sound. Lots  of detail such as people screaming when they go down a hill.I've had  this game since christmas and i still devote all my free time to it- i once  had a 9 hour sitting. You will play this game for ages and  ages.Please-buy this game if you have a computer-it is absolutly  necessary to have this work of art on you hard drive-you will never take it  off.
You just won't want to stop playing this game. Like certain books, you're hooked from the very start of the game. The scenarios are actually  *beatable*, after a few tries you're a third of the way through the game,  but it actually advances in difficulty *at the appropriate moments*, unlike  some other games I know of. Now, the most satisfying part of the game  itself: Custom building your own coasters. There are so many to chose from.  Inverted steel, minecar, single rail, mini steel, wooden, stand up steel,  bobsled, etc. It's so appeasing when you actually see people board your  coaster, then disappointing to see the real life physics algorithim sling  them into oblivion, killing X amount of people. Of course, there really  isn't any violence in the game besides freak accidents. Also, this game  helps develop and sharpen management skills, you can do marketing  campaigns, price setting, goal setting, etc. This game is the very best,  top of the line. Do yourself a favor, it's appropriate for any age and  rather addictive, so go buy it now.
Wow!  The game is very fun.  You have many things to do in it.  For explain you can bluid a roller coaster or checking to see if people like your park.  The game is worth the money! Big time!
I have never played such an addicting game! The scenarios are different and fun, but the variety lacks. You get the same rides to choose from over and over again, and when you create your own roller coaster, your park guests become wimps and ignore it. The handymen are a pain to control since they never do their job and if you tell them to mow grass, it's all they do. Excellent for a game that came out before the year 2000.
Roller coaster Tycoon by Chris Sawyer is a theme park strategy game, It is a game that makes you want to actually ride coasters even if you hate them, It makes you belive you are creating a real theme park. The Interface is almost the same as chris swayers earlier game Transport Tycoon and it is very easy to use. The gameplay was easy, I was able to figure out the tool bar icons without much trouble. The gameplay is that you have to manage a theme park and complete the given objective within the time limit, You could borrow money from the bank and there are limitations to how much you can borrow. There are almost every type of ride you see in real theme parks in this game, Kiddies train, Chartlift, Merry go round, Bumper cars, Go karts, 3D cinemas, Boat rides, Obsevation tower, Force lift, and ofcourse Roller coasters, There is every type of coaster in the world from. Besides these there are many trees and when you build a pond ducks will come there. The hardest part of the game is Building coasters that would work and the ones the guests would ride, There are lots of already built coasters but desinging your own is a lot of fun. The bad thing about Rct is that it comes without a screnario editor, You can only play only the available screnario's, Most of the screnarios are very small in size, You cannot build outside the park and not all parts of the land are available for sale and the park is are almost half built. The research tool is bad too, It takes a lot of time and some times it comes up with rides useless for the current park. You can costumize them but they are in a mess too, If you need just gentle rides it may research a chartlift in a very small park. Still Rct is the best strategy game i have ever played, I loved it, I played it for 5 hours and didnt know that i was on so long. Rct is a must for people who love computer games and have the system requierments. It doesn't take a coaster nut to fall in love with this game, Get it.
It's better than any other addictive substance or food... well, maybe not chocolate :)Seriously, this game is so FUN!  I do wish you could get money for the trees instead of paying to have them taken away.  But that's a minor concession.Zoo Tycoon is a totally awesome game, too!
Without a doubt,this is the best computer game you will ever buy.Don't hesitate to buy it,and yes it's worth way more than the Sims(not in money).The player runs his or her own theme park.Choose a location from the list at the beginning of the game,there are also heaps more locations to...as Nintendo would put it..unlock,as you reach your objectives.Build everything from icecream stores to merry go rounds to rollercoasters.It is a really cute game,watch your guests eat,race go carts and hit golf balls.You may also hire entertianers,like giant pandas and decorate your rides with vibrant colour!Loopy Landscape is a valuable extension to the game,adding more rides,locations(way more!!),coloirs,entertainers,well more everything!!Whoever made this game is really clever and there is great attention to detail.This is a game addictive to people of ALL ages.
As the game host..., I was eager to get my hands on this gamewhen it game out. Like Pharoh and Caesar III, this is a game ofdesigning buildings and walkways to keep your people happy. In this case the people are not residents, although with some staying in your park for 60 days or more, you have to wonder where they are sleeping! And, like all games, you start with rather easy missions and work your way forward.You begin by planning walkways that make sense for your visitors, and putting down inexpensive but entertaining rides. Each visitor has his or her own sense of what's fun - something exciting, something laid back, something truly wild or something mild. You need to set up food, drink and restrooms, and put out benches and trashcans. You hire repairmen, sweepers, entertainers, and security folk. Vandalism can strike, and rides can break down.The game, once set up well, can almost run itself. Your various minions roam around your park, cleaning and fixing items. You earn money based on quite a few variables - how much you charge at the gate, how much you charge for food, how much you charge for each ride. Rain comes and visitors are now buying umbrellas, and avoiding the open rides. Marketing campaigns can help your draw, although coupons might affect profits short-term.There are great graphs to help you manage the economics of your strategy, and the graphics themselves are quite fun! The merry-go-round spins, the roller-coaster cars fill with little people and go around the tracks. You can customize colors, add statuary, research new theme decorations like Egyptian and Roman buildings. You can raise and lower terrain, building raised walkways and underground roller coaster tunnels.The game will run quite well on a low-end system, which can't be said for its rival, SimThemePark. It's easy to use, and quite satisfying to play. You can name the park, name each ride, and even name each individual visitor! It's easy to get attached to your creation, and sit for hours tweaking it.The game was entertaining both for me and for my 11 year old son. We both found the options varied and fun. My son especially enjoyed when you accidentially cranked a roller-coaster's speed up too high - the practice run would set the cars careening off the track, warning you to decrease the speed a bit!Our only complaint has to do with item placement - if you raise and then lower a piece of land, it double-charges you for each phase of the change. There isn't really an undo feature, so if you make a mistake (which can be easy, sometimes) there is no simple way to just go back to your previous state. With blocks of land easily hid behind other blocks (despite their many view options), you often have to lower whole regions of land simply to &quot;get to&quot; the blocked one, wasting hundreds of dollars.Also, with no 'fast forward', you often have to go eat dinner or watch a movie before your park, which has met the 'winning criteria', finally gets through the years required for the trophy. It'll run itself all the while, but it can get quite tedious.With that small amount of inconvenience, however, this is a great game for computer users of all ages, and with the varied terrains available, one able to always offer a new challenge!
You may not even need my review, i mean, just look at the average costumer rating!! out of 550 reviews it still hase 4.75 stars.so basicly you build your own theme park by managing it feeding guests entertaining them, and not getting them sick. it is quite a challenge. im not gonna go on and on about this game because it is only 10 bucks and has a great overall rating.so here is a little advise: BUY IT.
I bought this game because my sister and I wore out the first Roller Coaster Tycoon disc we had. Arrived promptly and works great.
I guess that's a good thing, when you are up all night playing a game, some might consider it less than ideal when you have to go to work the next day.I did run into a couple problems with it not reacting well to some other Windows programs I was running, but it never crashed, just reversed colors or other weird things until I shut the other programs off. No big deal.The game itself is very well done, tons of fun. I don't know what I enjoy more, building the park ago, but have found most sims since then rather boring. This one is NOT! Definitely a winner.
Roller Coster Tycoon blows the Sim City series out of the water. In this game you try to complete objectives by building an amusements park that will keep your guests happy. You will get a limited amount of money to start than once your park becomes popular you can raise prices to earn more money. Your park will only do good if you have crazy rides and food, drink, and bathrooms. You can put out add campaigns and hire and fire workers. Every kind of stand and ride you can think of will be in this game. If you don't want to use the standard designs for the rides you can come up with your own crazy concaktion and by the way the guests will like that a lot better. You will wish you can go to these parks, ride these rides, and eat these foods. I strongly suggest that you get this game whatever age you are.
This game is incredible. The graphics are great and the game play is awesome. You can build several different-style rides, including water slides, go carts, bumper cars, and classic rides such as the ferris wheel, scrambler, and merry-go-round. And who could forget the roller coasters? Pick your design and place a pre-constructed layout or build your own for unlimited designs. This is one of the best games I have, and I would recommend you go get it right now!
This game takes sim games to another level. It eats on Theme Park and Them Park World. You have TOTAL control of your environment and you can build BIG and I mean BIG rollacosters!The levels are well laid out with  different scenarios. You dont build every park from scratch. To win a level  you have to use a combination of Park Value, Number of Customers, Money in  and Happiness of customers.The rides are great and there are no bugs  that I have seen. The add on pack is great and there are hundreds of extra  rides etc at the web site. The best is an Alton Towers scenario which is so  similar to the real thing!  This is a hughely addictive game. I bet if you  start playing it you wont stop til you finish!  If you like any sim  management game then buy this one!
I thought that Theme Park was a good game to do with theme parks but when I saw this, I just had to have it. I was in the USA and thought that, this is what i want to do, to be able to design my own park and to be able to run it all. But there are always problem when running a Theme Park. You get put as the designer, maker and manager of your own co-orporation, however big it is. The missions that you have to try and achieve are really great and life like. You can actually see Theme Park around the world having to cope with all of the aspects that you have to cope with when playing this game.The areas that you are put are also very real in a way as you are limited to space and have to try to get round this in a variety of different ways. You can even buy or rent extra land if oyu are in need of some but not all of it is for sale, which brings you to think like what a proper company has to cope with.This is all just about the amount the space and are to build in but all the other aspects are just as great. You can create the wackiest and fastest roller coaster of your choice, there are no limits but i do advise you to test it before you open it to the public as you may well have a few accidents!There is such a wide variety of ride and attractions that you can choose from and get throughout the duration of the game. Just put a bit of money aside to the development of new rides and it comes up with the best ride that you can think of.Even down to the colour or the make of the path shows you how detailed that this is! There is a very wide range of paths, colours and even fences to stop people going where they shouldn't.When choosing to build a roller coaster there are so many things that you can do with a piece of track. You can make it speed up/slow down, cork screm, loop the loop or even have a photo shoot, plus much much more realistic ideas to choose from.There are even more great things to choose from i nthe addon pack that you can also buy. There are some great things to choose from on these.You really get the feeling like you are actually there, managing the whole park and how it runs. It is a great feeling when you start to make a profit and can build the best park with all the best rides that you can think of!Well, if you like theme parks, then this is for you!
Just when I thought there wasn't a better game out there than 'The Sims', 'Roller Coaster Tycoon' gives that game a run for its money.  This game is so fun!  You don't just get to build roller coasters, you can build log rides, water slides, and a variety of other pre-made carnival rides: carousels, ferris wheels, etc.  Add paths, scenery, and shops and you have the park of your dreams!  It's so rewarding to watch the little people clamor to get in line for your rides, and to see them jump up and down with glee if they enjoyed the ride.  If they're hungry, build them a popcorn stand.  If they're tired, build them some benches.  Though the game looks a little complicated and overwhelming at first, once you get the hang of it, you'll be fine.  The manual is pretty good and should help you along.  My only complaints are the sound effects -- hearing the people squeal with glee is great, but hearing the toilets in the little bathrooms flush is not.  Whether you're a kid at heart who has always loved amusement parks, or a tycoon-in-training, you're bound to like this game.
In what other game can you build a 10 mile go kart track, hire security guards, and clean up puke?Roller Coaster Tycoon an extremely fun amusement park simulator. You can design your own parks and rides, set your prices, and attend to your guests needs.This game is appealing to children and to adults, particularly because things can get pretty complicated. This game will teach you manage many things at once quickly!The disasters that strike are awesome, and the graphics are good, 2-d or not. I recommend this game to anyone. It may get a little tedious in expert levels, but it's a blast to play.
Anyone who has an old computer like mine (6 years old), knows it is getting harder and harder to find quality games that will fit your system.  Roller Coaster Tycoon's minimum requirements are only 16 MB RAM, a CD ROM Drive speed of 4x and 50 MB of free hard drive space, so it works great even on my obsolete system.  What is more, it is a fun game!  The first simulation game I became familiar with was Theme Hospital and, since I enjoyed that game so much, I decided to switch from the hospital beds and psychiatry couches to the roller coasters and concession stands.  Theme Hospital was a little easier to learn.  At first, I could not figure out how to get the rides up and running, but the tutorial soon set me straight.  Now I am having hours of fun with this game.This game allows you to do all kinds of things.  You can build a variety of rides from the kiddie ones (haunted house, curly slide, carousel, Ferris wheel) to scary, complex roller coasters.  You can even name the rides!  The roller coasters can come pre-made or, when you get more advanced, you can design your own.  There are also a variety of concession stands to build including a burger place, soft drink stand, balloon stand, popcorn, pizza, french fries, you name it!  Different scenery can be chosen too, including those with a Greek, Roman, or Egyptian theme to really give your park character. As you play the game, new rides, scenery, and concession stands will be introduced.  Each time I play, I discover something new!  You also get to hire maintenance men, handymen, security guards, and entertainers (guys dressed up like pandas, elephants, or tigers). You do not have to baby-sit the game as much as Theme Hospital, as your workers always go where they're needed.  Sometimes, you need to move handymen to different spots to clean up vomit and litter faster.  Remember to hire enough maintenance men to inspect the rides, otherwise CRASH!  Patrons can die in this game, so watch out!  You can also check what the customers are thinking about your park and the different rides.  The only annoying part of the game is when customer after customer gets lost and the game keeps beeping at you.  You have to adjust the walk ways to prevent this.  Otherwise, this game is loads of fun, easy to learn, and very rewarding when you begin to see the amusement park of your dreams taking shape!
The only complaint that I have about this game is that it's too addicting. I couldn't stop until I had completed all of the scenarios and beaten the whole game, but then the Expansion Pak (Loopy Landscapes) came along... I'll guarantee that if you like other Sim games that you'll like this one. It's very hard to get tired of-- you can make your own Roller Coasters (with as man loop-dee-loops as you want), add Cotton Candy stalls, Merry-Go-Rounds, Water Slides, hire Staff, and do virtually anything you want. It's fun to watch the Sim people come into your park and go from ride to ride, spending all their money along the way. If you end up liking this game as much as I do you'll probably want to get the Loopy Landscapes Expansion pack as well. This game is almost flawless, Two Thumbs Up!
Designing the next Alton Towers would be most people's dream and now you can! This game is easy to pick up and it is perfect!You can design your own roller coaster way more sophistacatedly than on any other theme park games.* You can higher or lower land.* Add all sorts of scenery* The people actually say a variety of different things and do a variety of different things. It tells you how much money each person has and what they are carrying as well as their favourite ride and lots of other stats.* Litter and vandalism must be kept away by hiring staff and building litter bins.* There are around twenty different landscapes, each with their own objectives. + you can buy add on packs to add loads more* It is possible to actually play a perfect replica of Alton Towers and Blackpool Pleasure Beach if you get the Loopy Landscapes add on pack.* Your park can win all sorts of awards including safest, tidiest, best value, most beautiful, cleanest toilets and more!* When you design a roller coaster, you can then test it and you can find out it's average/max speed, and it's excitement, intensity and nausea ratings.* I accidently killed 30 people because the brakes failed on my roller coaster.* Your park is rated so you need this to be high to pass most objectives, plus the guest toll or the park value. There are usually time limits.Overall: I would rate this in the top ten most fun games on any console/computer. If you own Theme Park World like me, You will be amazed on the huge gap between them! GET IT!
To turn 5,000 words of praise for this magnificent game into three: BUY IT NOW.The fact: Looks much smoother and crisp then Sim Theme Park, MANY more shops and rides, TONS more themes to decorate your park, more detail, much nicer to look at, etc. etc. etc. If this game is not in your game library, you are missing the fun. Be sure to buy RollerCoaster Tycoon: Loopy Landscapes expansion pack for many more rides, shops, scenery, and so on.
If laughter is the best medicine, then cure your blues with this game. Lose yourself in the fun of being the top dog at your own amusement park. With a little logic and creativity, you will be successful... but don't  think the game is silly or too easy... this one can be a challenge... and  don't forget the expansion pack!
Some games (such as The Sims) are addictive at first but quickly lose their appeal.  Rollercoaster Tycoon is a game that keeps you interested because you continually discover new strategies.  Furthermore, if you enjoy role-playing a computer game, Rollercoaster Tycoon allows you to &quot;theme&quot; your parks by changing the colors, names, scenery, etc..If you enjoyed games such as SimCity, Age of Empires and Civilization I would recommend this game because it follows a similiar strategy and planning mechanism.  The add-on packs (Corkscrew Follies and Loopy Landscapes) add some interesting components but are not recommended unless you enjoyed this game immensely.  For your best bet, since the game has been out for awhile, I would wait a few months when the game will be sold with the expansion packs added on to it.The internet site allows you to download various rollercoaster designs and there are fan websites set up that also allow you to download their designs.  So far, with the patches, I have not encountered any game crashes...A game that remains entertaining longer than most and powerfully addictive the first month you purchase it. ;).
I will try to make this short and sweet. Roller Coaster Tycoon is one of the funnest sim build 'em up games out there. In the tradition of Sim City, RTC follows the same concept except to build your very own theme park with everyone's favorite ride...the rollercoaster!!! Along with other types of carnival rides and many different scenarios to play, RTC is guaranteed to offer many hours of strong entertainment as well as a ton of fun!! If you do decide to purchase RTC, I strongly recommend to pick up the Loopy Landscapes/Corkscrew Follies combo expansion pack. This expansion adds about 20 new scenarios and many new exciting coasters which really do make an excellent and exciting theme park. I highly recommend that anyone in which this concept of building a theme park intrigues, to at least pick up the original game. I guarantee that it won't take long before you decide to get the expansion packs.
You're probably thinking: another simulation game on the market, I won't even bother.  However, you are wrong if that is your opinion!  This is a great game and you will play it so much you probably will lose sleep!!The basic gist of RCT is building an amusement park.  However, it isn't quite as simple as it sounds.  There are special objectives for each course, and to get new scenarios, you need to meet these goals.You can build your dream amusement park.  It must include refreshment stands, rides of all sorts, bathrooms, and many other things that you can choose from.There are many different types of rides, and you should build each type, because everyone in the park likes different types of rides.Also, as you are in the game, you obtain new objects and rides as you go along.  There aren't too many choices at first, but as the game progresses, you get more and more types.You build rides from scratch, but if you are a daredevil like me, don't build your dream coaster, unless you want it to just sit there.  That is the disadvantage of the game--my intensity and nausea ratings are always too high for the guests--they are GUTLESS!!  So, make sure that you build rides and coasters that aren't &quot;too intense&quot; for the little wimps.This is a great game overall, and if you like theme parks and amusement parks, you really should get this game.
I never thought this game looked very good until I played it at a friend's house.  I went out and bought it for the very low price of under ten bucks at Wal*Mart the next day.It is so much fun!  You can build and design your own rides, or buy ones that have already been built.  Food stands, bathrooms, and souvenier stands can also be purchased as well as scenery items.  Detailed information is available about all of your customers, from their feelings to how much money they're willing to spend at your park.  You have a certain goal to reach when you create a theme park, and when you reach it, your name will be posted under the location name.  And there are many new locations to unlock as well.  You can hire handymen to clean up trash and puke, mechanics to fix and check rides, security guards to make sure no one breaks anything, and entertainers that can be dressed in a panda, tiger, or elephant suit.  Also, some advice: Don't let your park entrance fee be "FREE" (If you start at $1.00, people will keep saying that your entrance fee is cheap, and you get to raise it!  I got as high as $20 once!)Overall, if you like The Sims, or Zoo Tycoon, you will enjoy this game!  It is addicting, and is now a favorite of mine!  I'm so happy I gave it a chance.
I just want to say this is a really great addicting game! You build your own theme park and in the process have to meet certain goals. There are plenty good rides and stalls you can purchase for your park and you can set advertising and research funds. Overall, through this short review, I am truly pleased with the quality of this game and would suggest it for anyone!
Although this may not be the best game ever, it is a fun experience that has endless hours of gameplay.  It's a unique, fun, and unpredictable game that many people have played.  The graphics might not be the best (they seriously don't have to be), and the sound may be odd sometimes, this makes a solid game that is fun.Basically, in this game, you build your own theme park.  There's tons of scenerios (especially if you buy the expansion pack) in which you make a part with different rides and things at your disposal on a different landscape.  There are a lot of levels that are all different, and all have their own theme.At the beginning of a level, you get a goal that you have to meet to beet the scenario.  From there, you go building and creating rides, shops, eating stalls, and more.  You can build all sorts of things:  from water slides to roller coasters, from haunted houses to swinging ships.  You can even build food places, drink stalls, a balloon shop, and information booth, and more.  You can even build you own unique roller coaster, or download one off the internet (if you're not happy with the prebuilt ones in the game).  This game is challenging, since you have to manage your park, while keeping a large amount of money.Right now, you can get this game for about $2, so I'd buy this cheap, fun game.
Well this is one of the few games where it's hard to find any problems. I loved Rollercoaster Tycoon and would recommend it to anybody, from a hardcore gamer to someone just starting to play games, this game is that  much fun.The major strong point in this game is the gameplay. It is  VERY addictive and VERY fun. The graphics aren't exactly what I'd call  industry leading but hey they aren't supposed to be.People will  undoubtably compare Rollercoaster Tycoon to Sim Theme Park. I my opinion  there is no comparison RT wins all the way, even though STP has more  features (3-D view, first person view, etc.). STP just can't capture the  fun the way RT does.So Rollercoaster Tycoon gets my recomendation  for any age or skill level. Have fun!Oh yeah and for a little  twisted fun try removing a piece of rollercoaster track in the middle of  the ride!  hehe.
This is a really fun game to play you can make money and loose money.  There are certain objectives that you have to do like earn a certain amount of money and have a certain amount of people and a certain amount of the park value.  This is a really good simulation type game.  Plus you can control where the people go and you can kill some people in the water and sometimes the rollercoaster will chrash and kill people.  That is really fun when you get board.
Many of you are probably curious like I was,(1) is this game really that good? (2) Will I like the simulation gameplay since I am used to action/adventure games?(3) I heard it's like Bullfrog's Theme Park, and I hated that game. (4)etc, etc, etc.Well, let this make it clear to you. Even 2-3 years after it came out, it's still the most addictive game ever made. And it's worth the ...dollars(Don't forget the Loopy Landscapes Pack, an extra 30 dollars). Sure it's not 3D, but the reason it's not 3D is cause everybody would need a Pentium 9 Processor(which should be out by 2035)to look at all the gorgeous colors and amazing details in 3D.Many are saying, I dont like these slow simulation games. Well, neither did I. But I am sure everyone of you want to own and design your own park when you go to a real theme park like Disneyland. And you say to yourself: Just imagine how nice this place would be if I owned it and designed all the thrilling rides. Well, this game gives everybody the chance. It takes Simulation games and makes them fun. Infact, it adds action. For example, don't expect to just sit there after you make a 15,000 coaster and are waiting for the money to become available. You have to DRAG the handymen to clean the vomit. You have to create benches. You have to advance the themes by adding mere ... dollar statues. You have to make sure that the guests dont leave.Now many say making the rollercoaster is hard. Well, it won't be hard if people used common sense. And after a while, it won't be that challenging as you'll be making coasters, underground, going through one another, into the water, and etc,etc.You can personalize your park to whatever you like, but to get the ultimate "personalization equipment", please get the expansion pack, Loopy Landscapes. It also includes the first expansion pack, Corkscrew Follies. So it's a good deal. So please head over to the review for Loopy Landscapes and find out what kind of cool add-ons you get. If your in a budget limit and cant afford the expansion pack right now...Lemme just tell you that the personalization tools in RCT are pretty good. The expansion packs just add to it. You can paint the rides to what you want, rename guests, rename the rides, the name of the park, etc, etc.For the people who can afford the expansion packs, go to Loopy Landscape's review right now.
I am not given to strong statements, but in this case I will make an exception---THE BEST GAME EVER!  It's very easy to get started, will run on &quot;slower&quot; computers, and once you get into it, you can't get out!  You get totally lost in the world you create---it's so much fun making  rides and then watching people enjoy them!  I love the way you can pick a  certain person to watch, and see what rides they pick, the way you have SO  much control over designing rides, the ease of making coasters, although  they can be quite fancy, basically I love everything about this game.  I am  not a &quot;gamer&quot; but I got so hooked on this it was almost scary!
I got this little guy the day it came out in the summer. I don't know if its been laziness that kept me from writing a review, or just the fact  that everybody already knows this game rules. First the bad stuff, the  graphics kinda... well they aren't on par with current games, but its not  like its gonna turn you off from this game, if it does than youv'e got some  problems. This game is also EXTREMELY addictive. You'll play it everyday  for hours on end, but once you beat it or run low of energy, you'll want to  burn it at the stake. Yes, after you log in about 200 hours you will start  to hate the game and never want to see it again, but after a few months,  you will return to the wimsicle world that is RCT. The game is like every  other sim game, build the rides, advertise, get the cash, get bigger rides.  Your laid out with missions to accomplish in the alloted time limit, so no  sluffin' off here. You soon get bigger rides and better add-ons to your  rides. You need to hire people to research rides, watch the park and yes,  scoop up the throw-up of your more queasy guests. Sure, Sim Theme Park may  look a little nicer, but RTS has the man meat were it counts, and thats in  pure fun.
The product was exactly as shown and described, good price and timely delivery. The whole purchase went smoothly and I enjoyed playing it and remembering the good old days with pc gaming.
After the original SimCity came out I had thought it would be cool to have Sims based on other industries.  When I first heard of RCT I ran out and bought it.  Two years later, I still am not bored with it.The flexibility the game gives you in designing your own rollercoasters and theme parks is remarkable.  This is one game that lets the players creativity shine.If you like any of the Sim-games you will love RCT.  If you are trying to decide between this and ThemePark, choose RCT.  RCT has a more realistic feel, and better coaster design capabilities.
The game never gets old with it's many rides and many levels Atari did a great job putting this game together. Creating a prk is a blast. I love it. There is unlimited rides, Rollercoasters, and food accommodations. It teaches you the value of a dollar. Very good teaching skills. Once you start it you won't stop with it's wonderful game play. Wonderful Graphics. Wonderful story line this game is the best of the best. Awesome, Wonderful, Fantastic. Brovo!!!!!!!
After I started playing this game, I realized that I had a history of  Simulation Addiction -- having played five or more simulations, including  the recent hit &quot;The Sims.&quot;  Roller Coaster Tycoon is definitely  one of the best sims out there (and there are many other theme park sims to  choose from).The interface takes a short time to get familiar with, but  is very simple and easy to operate.  The graphics are great (could you use  this program to design a real rollercoaster?  Looks like it to me!), the  levels each have different goals and features.  I especially appreciated  all the different theme landscaping available, including Greek and Roman  architecture, Wonderland theming (giant chess pieces, candy, mushrooms,  etc), and Wild West props.  The rollercoasters are a blast to build, but  not simple to master.  After 20+ rollercoasters, I have yet to build the  perfect ride.My only problem was with the 3/4 view -- at some points  it's hard to see what's going on with your rollercoaster as it interacts  with other rides and the landscaping.  This problem was easy to solve, as  the view options allow you to &quot;turn off&quot; the rollercoaster  supports, landscaping, paths, or anything else that gets in your line of  sight.I heartily recommend this to any fan of simulation games in the  vein of Sim City, Theme Hospital, or The Sims.  This is a great game with a  high addiction factor.
Before I commend Gravis, I must thank sony for making such a great playstation controller. And thank you gravis for making the same controller for the pc. Although the controller is small, it fits perfectly in my hand.  The is an 8 Axis control pad on the left, select and start buttons in the  middle and 4 buttons on the right. At the top there are 4 more button.  Another great thing about the controller is that the buttons are not mushy.  You can press the easily not like the real playstation controller.  The  manual has instructions and troubleshooting techniques for installing in  different languages. The keyset program, Xperience is bundled on the CD  with documentation for that software on the CD. Although a little tricky to  program, the keyset software works great. So if you have a playstation or  you play alot of playstation games and you need a pad for the PC, this is  definitaly for you. For everyone else, its a great cost effective pad.  Also, some games like Fifa 2000 would us the same button setup like on the  playstation if you use this pad.
If you play console-like games on your PC, this is a must have.  There may be more expensive and perhaps even better gamepads out there, but this has done the job for me for almost THREE YEARS and I've never had a problem with it.  There aren't very many products at such a low cost one can say that about these days.This is very much like the Playstation/PS2 controller.  There are no analog sticks, but I hate those things anyway, so perhaps if you're still a digital thumbpad kinda person (like me), this may be all you really need to play most PC games while hardly touching the keyboard.  It's a bit small and basic, but it does the job and is obviously very well made.  Though I don't usually throw game controllers around in the heat and fun of playing video games, I have dropped this many times, and haven't really been easy on it, and it's still working as perfectly as the day I bought and installed it.Installation is easy-peasy, and this works not only on most PC games (Flight Simulator 98, X-Wing, Rogue Squadron, Need For Speed series, Midtown Madness, NFL Fever 2000, NHL2001, and probably 100 more I don't own), but it works GREAT with nes and snes emulators and games, and psone emulated games as well.  If you really need analog sticks, there are other gamepads you should look into, but if not, this is the pc equivalent of what most people are using to play PS2 games.This is a great gamepad.  Sooner or later in any PC gamer's life, if they've been trying to play with the mouse and keyboard alone, they will think of buying a joystick or gamepad.  This is the one I bought long ago, and I'd pay double what they're asking now if mine ever broke.  A basic, but very rugged and functional gamepad.  A bargain at twice its price.  Get one!
Jedi Knight is a first person shooter game, like Doom, or Quake, but with a Star Wars twist.  To me the familiar Star Wars aliens and even the new ones make this game a true joy to play.  Jedi Knight easily has one of the  best game soundtracks ever with the booming symphony sounds in the  backgroud.  The graphics and gameplay are also a sight to be seen.  A  truely fantastic game, anyone who enjoys first person shooters should try  this one out.
The thing that's realy great about this set is that you get three CDs worth of games.  You get the original Dark Forces II game that has quite a  bit of gameplay, PLUS the Mysteries of the Sith game that is almost as long  as Jedi Knight.  For the price you get a LOT of playing time.Jedi Knight  follows the path of Kyle Katarn, an ex-Imperial soldier turned rebel.  His  father was murdered and as the game progresses you learn the truth about  your family and learn the ways of the force.One of the interesting  twists of Jedi Knight is that your alignment towards the dark side or the  light side is determined by how many innocent people you kill or by certain  moral decisions you make as the game progresses.  You shape your own  destiny and at the end of it all your decisions determine how the story  turns out.On the second game, Mysteries of the Sith, you primarialy play  Mara Jade... although you also spend time in Kyle Katarn's shoes once  again.  Much likes its predecessor you find yourself once again going  against the Empire before they destroy a Rebel base and ruin all hope the  Rebellion has against defeating the Imperial forces.  From there you embark  on a search to find the lost Kyle Katarn and find your way through an  amazingly twisted and trap ridden Sith Temple.The thing that sets these  games apart from most first person shooters is that you do more than run  around and kill things.  You have to make moral decisions, solve puzzles,  and use tactics to your advantage.  By the first hour or so of gameplay  you'll easily lose yourself.And finally, as an extra special bonus there  is a hidden level on the Mysteries of the Sith CD of Cloud City that allows  you to follow in Luke's footsteps from Empire strikes Back.
There are few games inspired by movies that capture the feel of those movies as well as Dark Forces II: Jedi Knight has. It isn't any one thing that does it, be it the music, the graphics, the characters or the sound  effects, that draw the player so completely into the game until all senses  are immersed in the environment, but rather they all combine so perfectly  that Jedi Knight accomplishes just that. If I had anything approaching a  complaint it might be that those 20 levels go by awfully fast.The  player assumes the role of and control of Kyle Katarn, a former Imperial  agent who turned against the Empire to help the Rebellion against the  fearsome new Dark Trooper project. Now, it's five years later and the  Empire has been defeated, but Katarn hasn't been sitting on his laurels,  this time it's personal. Kyle's father, Morgan, has been murdered and a  disk he had made for Kyle has been stolen by Jerrik, the sinister leader of  cabal of Dark Jedi whom he is leading with the aid of a faction of Imperial  soldiers, to find a world upon which thousands of Jedi fought a battle  centuries earlier and their souls are now trapped there. It is Jerrk's plan  to tap that power for himself, a transformation that may spell doom for the  fledgling New Republic.The game starts with Kyle escaping from a  death trap on the moon of Nar Shadda, laid by the mercenary droid 8T-88  whom he must find in order to retrieve the lost disk. As Kyle you must  fight your way trough legions of blaster-toting and thermal detonator  throwing grans and quick, trigger happy rodians in order to achieve your  objectives. Running, ducking and a fine sense of balance are needed to make  your way through the first three Nar Shadda levels and once the disk has  been found, Kyle must escape Imperial reenforcements with the help of his  best friend, Jan Ors, (played by the stunning Angela Harrie). It is after  the escape that Kyle has his first vision, a visitation by the Jedi Knight  Qu Rahn (Benoit Gregory), who tells him of Jerrik's evil plan and  encourages Kyle to become a Jedi.From Nara Shadda its off to Kyle's  home planet of Sulon, an agroworld where he must find the old family robot,  WeeGee, who can play the encrypted disk. Kyle also receives Rahn's  lightsaber and before long his destiny is set. The way LucasArts handled  the application of Jedi powers is brilliant, as is their ease of use.  Players gain `stars' by finding secret areas, these stars are then applied  to an ever increasing selection of neutral Jedi abilities (Super speed,  Force Jump, Force Seeing and Force Pull). After these are mastered, the  player has the option to become either a Light or Dark Jedi with  corresponding powers. While the Dark Side powers are nice and flashy, they  are not nearly as useful as the Light Side abilties.Light Side  powers include: Force Blinding that you can use to dazzle opponents so they  miss you with their shots, Force Protection, a literal force field that  resists all damage, Force Persuasion that allows you sneak in unnoticed,  and Force Absorption which allows the player to absorb the Dark Side  energies wielded against you, and finally Force Heal, which heals damage.  Dark Side powers include: The Grip which lets you crush people, Force Throw  that allows you to hurl large objects at your foes, Deadly Sight, which  immolates your enemies and Force Destruction, which hurls a bolt of  powerful energy at your opponents.From Kyle's home on Sulon it's  off to the city of Baron's Hed where Kyle must now go in order to learn the  location of the Lost Valley of the Jedi. It is also here that he must  battle the first of the Dark Jedi, a young man named Yun who is all to  eager to please his dark master. From there Kyle makes his way onboard a  freighter bound for the planet with the Valley and where he must also  battle Gorc and Pic-dark twins of the Force. And again LucasArts must be  praised for sheer perfection with which the excuted lightsaber dueling in a  first person view game. Players can parry attacks while performing slick  and flashy maneuvers on their own.I won't reveal any more of what  happens through out the game to those people who may have not yet had a  chance to play this classic. I think one of the several reasons why this  game is so memorable are the live action cut scenes, (which were the first  Star Wars footage shot in almost fifteen years). Kyle is handsome and  dashing, Jan Ors is beautiful and witty, and the other characters like  Rahn, Jerrik and his henchmen Maw, Boc, the beautiful and deadly Sariss all  go a long way to immerse the player in the finest first person shooter I  have ever played. I still find enjoyment in this title, even though it is  four years old and starting to look dated, the game still holds my  attention. Of the Star Wars games released to date, this is by far the most  superior, engrossing and ultimately rewarding of the lot.
Anyone who has ever seen Star Wars has always had 1 reaction: I wonder what it would be like to be a Jedi/Sith.  Well now they have the chance to answer that question.  Plus you get 2 games for the price of one!  Who wouldn't like that deal?  Jedi Knight takes you into the eyes of Kyle Katarn, a Jedi Knight.  As you play through levels the challenges get harder and harder.  You will need to hone your lightsaber practice in order to beat the game.  Mysteries of the Sith picks up where Jedi Knight leaves off.  This time the game takes you into the eyes of Mara Jade, a former imperial turned Jedi.  Once again you will want to hone your lightsaber practice, because this time the challenges are harder(fighting a rancor for example.)  These games are worth the money!
i forgot how FUN this game is..i havent played this since 1999( since im usually a console gamer)...the other day i was bored and deceided to install this again in my new  PC and give it a whirl...since back in the day i  gave up on this one..i have to say this game is still AWESOME it plays smoothly and the graphics still hold up pretty well to this day..sure its Not as graphically beautiful as a game on the xbox360 or playstation 3  but..dark forces 2:jedi knight is well worth your time checking out or re-visiting it  as in my case ..youll be glad you did.the missions are long and intense..theres a lot of action..you'll run into some old "friends" such as Bossk and  lots of  stormtroopers among other enemies... theres nothing like blasting imperial troops...its a great stress reliever thats for sure! theres also some great live action video  thats well acted and moves the storyline at a cinematic pace..  plus  you get FORCE POWERS  depending on if you choose the light or dark side of the force (your actions during gameplay deceide that) and the use of a lightsaber...but for me  i personally prefer using a blaster :)as an added bonus this edition contains  a companion mission pack called Mysteries of the sith..where you mostly play as mara jade..fighting  various scum and villany...while learning more about the ancient secrets of the dark jedi order..sure the graphics on this bonus  arnt up to par  as dark forces 2...its still fun to play..and it enhances the whole dark foeces 2 experience... i say if your looking for a great star wars game..track this one down  youll be glad you did.
This is one of the best games I've ever played, it's the only PC game I have that is online.
This is the second best computer game of all time as far as I am concerned (only supassed by Half-life). The graphics are kind of dated now but the gameplay is still soild and loads of fun.The game contains all of the  best gameplay while being intermixed with a good story. The levels are  designed very well and never seem to &quot;feel&quot; the same way  twice.Of course one of the best parts of this game is using the  lightsaber in regular gameplay or against six Dark Jedi. No other Star Wars  game has been able to capture the feel of the lightsaber like this  one.The sound effects are very good and the soundtrack is classic Star  Wars with perfect timings to get the right music for what you are  doing.I can't think of anything more to say than, if you haven't already  played this game, you are missing out on one of the greatest games of all  time.
This was the first computer game I ever bought.  I'd been hearing about it since '96, when PC Gamer did a feature on it, and after reading that article, I knew I'd be buying this game.  In fact, I went and bought it BEFORE I EVEN HAD A COMPUTER OF MY OWN TO PLAY IT ON.  When it came out in the fall of '97, it blew the doors off every magazine that reviewed it.  Until HALF-LIFE came out a year later, this game was the one to beat.  And granted, the graphics are pretty seriously dated now in 2005, it's still a great game; a true classic.Now, let me tell you why.This was the first game that brought a true melee weapon -- a lightsaber -- and Force powers into an FPS and made them work flawlessly, something no one thought was possible until then.  It was also the last game (until ENTER THE MATRIX) that used FMV sequences between missions that actually helped flesh out the story taking place.Kyle Katarn is the name of the man you play as.  He's a former Imperial officer who resigned out of rage when he learned his father had been killed by Imperial operatives.  He joined up with the Rebel Alliance, and you played as him in the game DARK FORCES, which was sort of a prequel to this game.Now, it's a year after RETURN OF THE JEDI.  The Empire is reeling, fractured, disorganized, and the Alliance's star is rising.  But, the game doesn't begin with that; instead, it starts with the execution of a Jedi Knight who's been in hiding all this time.  This Jedi, Qu Rahn, has been living on the run because he has a secret that would've meant absolute power in the hands of anyone who gets it.  Who kills him?  Jerec, a Dark Jedi, aided by six others like him, who will do anything to get that secret.That secret is the Valley of the Jedi, an ancient Jedi burial ground where the Force is extremely concentrated.  Anyone who taps into that massive stockpile of power would gain literal godlike abilities in the Force.So what does all this have to do with Kyle Katarn?  Simple; his father, Morgan, knew the hidden location of the Valley.  Morgan was good friends with Rahn.  And Morgan was murdered by Jerec, who didn't know what secrets Morgan had.  It quickly becomes a journey of self-discovery for Kyle, who takes up Rahn's lost lightsaber and races to beat Jerec and his allies from finding the Valley and stop them from exploiting its power...or taking that power for himself.This game had two different endings, depending on which path you choose.  If you choose dark Force abilities, and you callously slaughter civilians, you become a Dark Jedi yourself, competing with Jerec over the Valley's fate.  But if you choose light Force abilities, and you go out of your way to defend civilians, you'll become a Jedi Knight, and work to protect the Valley from Jerec and his Dark Jedi.JEDI KNIGHT blew me away when I played it.  I loved every aspect of it, all of which was thanks to Justin Chin, who was the project leader and who wrote the story.  He did an incredible job, make no mistake.  Kyle and his allies -- Jan Ors, an Alliance soldier; Qu Rahn, assisting you from beyond the grave; and Wee Gee, the family droid -- are all archetypes cut from the STAR WARS cloth, which is nothing but a good thing in my mind.  The Dark Jedi, on the other hand -- Jerec, a twisted and evil former Jedi from the Old Republic; Sariss, a cold, calculating perfectionist; Maw, a hateful being whose rage fuels his power; Boc, a warped and clearly insane Twi'lek; Pic and Gorc, a bizarre set of twins like you've never seen; and Yun, the youngest and best of the bunch -- are almost all inspired by the title characters from Akira Kurosawa's classic film THE SEVEN SAMURAI.The settings are just what you'd expect, full of atmosphere that could've been lifted directly from the movies.  Nar Shaddaa is like Hong Kong in space, with buildings crammed together without planning.  Sulon is a pastoral agrarian world, at least where it isn't under the Empire's heel.  And the Valley of the Jedi and its tombs evoke are so rich with history, you can almost hear the spirits of the Jedi speaking to you in the hallways of the burial grounds.Also packaged in this bundle is the one and only expansion pack for it, MYSTERIES OF THE SITH.  It's set five years after the events of JEDI KNIGHT, which naturally assumes you chose the light side.  You play as Kyle again in the first few missions, who's taken on an apprentice -- Mara Jade, a character introduced in Timothy Zahn's STAR WARS books from 1991-1993 (HEIR TO THE EMPIRE, DARK FORCE RISING, and THE LAST COMMAND).  After that first batch of missions, Kyle goes off to chase down a lead, leaving you controlling Mara for the remainder of the game.  You take missions aiding both the fledgling New Republic and the newly-rebuilt Jedi Order, until you travel to a forgotten Sith temple to rescue Kyle from the dark side...and from himself.While SITH had a few flaws -- why would Kyle have to re-learn Force abilities he already had?  Why not say who the Sith WERE, instead of just dangling the name around? -- I did like the setting of the Sith temple.  This place is genuinely creepy, where the spirits of the dead know no rest, and never will.  I also liked how they handled the ending duel.  It's audacious, and it fits in PERFECTLY with the Jedi precepts.  It's also so simple that you'd never think of it.I recommend this game as heartily now as I would've eight years ago.  It's a low-tech game, so it's practically guaranteed to run on whatever rig you have.  And because it's been out for so long, you can pick it up for a fraction of the price of the current games.Buy this game.  It's worth a lot more than you'll pay for it.
This game, is the best game, absolute best game, ever released on computer. It revolves around the original SW movies, set just after the destruction of the first Death Star at Yavin. You control everything,  characters, fighters, troopers, ships, it is superb. The gameplay takes a  little getting used to, but after a while it is easy. There is so much to  this game, you control things, send your fleets where you want them,  transport your characters and send them on missions, move rebel  headquarters, everything. You deploy mines and refineries to make  production materials, then build either ships, troops or facilties from  those materials, then use those ships to take over more planets. There's so  much I can't explain it all here, but it is brilliant, a must for all SW  fans.
I am one of PC Gamer's biggest fans, and there are only a few of their reviews I have ever disagreed with. One of them was Rebellion. Garnering only a 61%, I was immediately skeptical. But after playing it, I realized that this game was one of the most addictive and fun games that I have ever played. People will tell you that the micromanagement will eat you alive. They say you have to &quot;click here and here and here and here and here and here&quot; just to accomplish a simple task of building a ship. Well, sure, you can do that, if you take the long route approach to doing things. And once you get playing, you'll learn all the little shortcuts.Graphics aren't great, but that's not what makes this game a winner. The gameplay is constant. It is frantic at times. Should you send Han on that sabotage mission or leave him to help lead troops into battle against an Imperial system? And some characters are Force-sensitive, allowing them to be trained by Luke (or Vader or the Emperor) once they reach a certain rank.I can't list all the great features of this game here because of space. But this is the most addictive game that I have ever played. Star Wars fans will not be disappointed. Strategy fans will not be either. It will not appeal to everyone though, so if you really detest strat games, don't buy it because it won't be your cup o' tea. But despite the steep learning curve, you'll be enjoying it for months on end.
Some of the newer Star Wars strategy games (ex: Force Commander) could learn some lessons from this great old title. I purchased this game upon first release and it has been a constant icon on every PC I've owned (3) since. I will not uninstall it, ever. In fact the first thing I do after getting a new machine is to load this game.The game is set in the Star Wars universe just after the Empires defeat at Yavin. You can take on the role of commanding the Alliance or the Empire, the later being my favorite (you can't play as the bad guys often enough in other games).Once started, your objective is simple, colonize other worlds or bring them to your cause through diplomacy or flat out invade them and then win them over with diplomacy. Just keep going until you have captured the other sides leaders and have deystroyed their base.The game is heavy on micro-management and there is a bit of mouse work involved, but all functions have short cut keys, usually involving the shift or control keys. You can even name your ships and fleets which I love to do.Each side has a specific strategy for playing and one will not work with the other. Play as the Empire and overwhelm the Alliance with brute force and numbers. Play as the Alliance and you'll find hit and run, mission based tactics and diplomacy work best.Resource management is a huge factor in the game. You can manage it yourself (hard to do) or you can delegate to your assistant. Just make sure your maintence resources don't slip into the negative or you'll start lossing personell, ships and facilities.The graphics are reasonable but nothing to get excited over. The sound is OK with stuff right out of the movies, but even with the best speaker system, it still sounds like it's coming out of a walki-talkie. Game play makes up for any and all short comings however.Warning to anyone wanting to run this game on Windows XP. I have experienced some graphics problems which don't last long, slight slow down and auto play problems (better to launch from the menu after putting the cd in than using auto play). These issues are a slight anoyance and after the initial install, I have had no problems with launching the game. The game has also never crashed on me using XP.If your SW fan who really likes to micro-manage and has no problem with lots of mouse work, then this game is for you. In my book, this game is second only to the original X-Com (which is the other main-stay on my PC's).
This is yet another excellent installment in the x-wing series, and is a great example of where action games in general are going. One of the aspects I found most interesting about this game is that there's an actually story with characters to follow, which makes missions a lot more  fun since you know where, why, and how you are where you are.When  compared with the original x-wing, I'd have to say this one is better.  Don't get me wrong; I think that x-wing is a classic, but its time is over.  I can remember when I couldn't even BELIEVE that they could actually have a  3D model (even if it was just a few boxy squares) of an Imperial Star  Destroyer! Now, in x-wing alliance, you get to go up against Darth Vader's  (shudder!) super Star Destroyer the &quot;Executor&quot;, the same shop  which tailed Han Solo in &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot;. Incredible  detail!The space chatter is also great, with some very witty lines  throughout. When you accomplish your mission objectives, you almost feel  like shouting a &quot;yahoo! &quot; yourself.This is a another great  Lucasarts game that no Star Wars fan came miss. Buy it now!
There are some games that you play that just are &quot;games&quot; and not experiences. Earlier titles such as the Rebel Assault games were as such. The gamer did not feel like they were actually &quot;doing&quot; what was happening in the game. Games such as Quake and Duke Nukem and Doom, while entertaining, are superficial and do not engross the gamer.But X-Wing: Alliance is different. Where as Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six changed the way we play first person shooters (how many times did your palms sweat on missions that you could not be detected?), X-Wing Alliance changes the way we play flight sims. This isn't a superficial space shooter that leaves the gamer hungry for more. In fact, it is completely satisfying. The story is compelling, the graphics are sharp, the gameplay is never dull, and the music is, well, Star Wars.The missions will leave you hooked for hours, constantly forcing you to put off that paper that must be written or that supply report that was due on your boss' desk three days ago. You are ultimately rewarded for your longevity and resourcefullness by hopping into the Millenium Falcon (assuming the role of Nien Nunb or Lando...I never figured that one out) and blasting tie fighters at the battle of Endor. And if you think that the Falcon didn't do much at that battle, just wait until you fly the 4 missions of that battle, and you'll have a new respect for what Lando did (especially the VERY HARD final mission of flying into the Death Star. Expect to spend a few days here)!When you talk about Multi-player, this game excells in all areas. You can log on and play solo against others or join groups and coordinate battles. All ships in the game can be flown in multiplayer (I especially grew fond of the Toscan Fighter, though nothing beats the shear power of the X-wing).Overall, an excellent game. Not only is it fun to play and enthralling, but you actually at most points feel as if you are in the game. When you fail a mission and decide that you need to make your multiple jumps back home instead of just quitting the mission right then, you'll know how engrossing this experience really is.
Star Wars: X-Wing AllianceThis Game....IS BEAUTIFUL even for Today's Time...I have just gotten the Game a Month Ago or so AND IM STILL ON IT o.o Its AWESOME very very REALISTIC Dogfights and BEAUTIFUL EXPLOSIONS..Im a pretty good Pilot Myself and this is challangeing for ANYONE...and you're wingmen AI are SO SMART that they even steal you're kills if you're not fast enough :D Its exactly like being in a Cockpit of a X-WING and you get a sense that you need to Protect you're fellow Pilots and BELIVE ME THEY WILL PROTECT You...It hits the Star Wars Feel RIGHT ON THE HEAD :) and it just doesent get old...You can earn Metals , Ranks , Pilot Certifications and Items for you're Transport that you own in the game... TRUST ME IT IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY AND IF YOU ARE A SELF RESPECTING STAR WARS FAN YOU WOULD BUY THIS....and the Tie Fighters...SMART AS HECK...
I almost didn't buy this game, because I am not a big fan of  &quot;Tomb Raider&quot; style games.  But since I am an Indiana Jones fan, I made the plunge.I really love this game.  Smooth gameplay, great graphics and difficult puzzles.A+.
I just finished playing Lucasart's latest Indiana Jones thriller, and I am certainly amazed by it! I find it hard to believe that this excellent game has gotten so many poor reviews. Come on people! Don't we buy computer  games (especially when they're run offs of our favorite movies) to try and  journey into another world? Isn't that exactly what Indy and the Infernal  Machine does? It great gaming at its best!The only draw backs to the  game were a few errors, such as appearing in a new level without any of  your items (which include some Infernal Machine parts which are critical to  getting through most levels.) Aside from that, the game is very good.So  whether you're dashing along a beach on a tropical island in the  Philippines, busting commies at 75 miles per hour, blasted your way off a  Soviet ship, or hiking through snowy mountains, you'll find every level in  this game to be excellent!So.....what are you waiting for? Buy it!
I bought this game cause I had nothing else better to do.  The pictures on  the back of the box looked cool and I like these type of games.  I'm also a  big fan of shoot em' up games like Unreal Tournament and Half life and  Rogue Spear.  But, I also like good adventure games.I've played the  Tomb Raider series and I never liked it for some reason.  Like many of the  other people have stated earlier, this game does beat Tomb Raider away.  I  think the graphics are a lot better than tomb raider.  I remember Tomb  raider's puzzle's were really dumb and the maps were SOOOOOOOOO huge that  finding a puzzle was a pain.  It's a little of the opposite with Infernal  Machine.Basically you control Indy and you run and Jump and whip and  shoot and pick up artifacts for money and solve puzzles.  You solve puzzles  by pushing things or pulling things or moving things or dropping here and  there.  The idea is simple, but it's really fun.Pro's: Nice graphics,  nice control (with a Gravis X-terminator), Nice sound, nice puzzles, and  good storyline.  Many people have complained about how the controls suck.  If you have a Gravis X-terminator, you will have no problems.  The default  buttons are setup up perfectly and you'll never have to touch the keyboard  unless you are moving your mouse to save.  Also someone said that Indy  moves too slow - I have not thought that at all.  He runs and jumps with  good speed.  I'm running on a 450 Mhz Celeron with a VooDoo5500 AGP  with  128 MB of RAM on 1024x768 on 32 bit mode and I see no slow downs.  I think  these people are playing on a keyboard or some lower end gamepad and  machine.  The puzzles are pretty simple, but not too easy.  Most of them  are logical, but some I have had to go on the internet and look for  walkthrough's for this game.  The first time I got this game, it kept me  playing for 2 hours.  I never play games that long!Cons: One thing that  I found sucky was Indy's aiming.  you do have a gun and you can shoot  spiders and german commies and stuff, but his aiming is SOOOOOOOo awful!  It's like I'm standing point blank in front of a commie and I keep shooting  but I keep missing.  If you do end up killing something, you're guaranteed  to have lost a little health cause Indy's aiming sucks in this game.Another thing I found sucky was using the whip.  I had a hunch you could  use the whip to climb.  So, I kept using the whip but he kept whipping  forward but not up to climb.  So I was getting frustrated but I learnt that  if you stand in the right position and the camera angle shows where you can  latch on.Another thing that sucked was that I didn't know you could  climb brick walls.  That frustrated me!  I was in this hole and I was like  &quot;man, I can't get out!!!!!&quot;  Then I read the walkthrough and it  turns out that you can climb up brick walls.  Go figure!Those are  basically the only cons in the game.  FOr Amazon's great price of $20, I  think you'll be satisfied.  It's on two CD's so it's a long game and worth  your money!  The game has never crashed on me and it runs smooth.  This  game makes Tomb Raider look like crap.
I have been playing this game for over ten years now and I cannot get enough of this game.  It is without a doubt the best Indiana Jones game ever, the levels are long and full of puzzles and enemies left and right.  The story is long and full of twists and turns.
It's VERY disappointing to me personally that people insist on moving forward when it comes to video games and quickly putting the gaming consoles of the past behind them forever.Come on, I grew up in the days of the NES when I was a child in the late 80's and early 90's.  I was forced to play the same few games over and over for *years* because there wasn't much in the way of variety back in those days.But you know what?  I wasn't angry about that.  Not at all.  This meant I learned to appreciate games for a LOT more than just a couple hours of fun.  I learned to accept video games back then for all the graphical flaws I encountered, or any kind of gameplay problem.  I learned to IGNORE all that stuff and just have fun playing the GAME and having a great time.I see kids today who look absolutely *determined* to forget about the Playstation 1 and 2 and buy whatever new video game console is cool these days.  Let me tell you something- back in the 90's, for at least four years, it was considered VERY cool to own a Playstation 1.  This is because game companies kept pumping out one wonderful game after another.Sure, there were some average games on the PS1, and plenty of crappy games as well.  But the same can be said for ANY video game console.  Why should we focus on the less than spectacular games when reviewing a video game system anyway?  It's completely pointless because ALL consoles have their share of average and terrible games.  Every single one of them.Sony's successful Playstation console was just EXCELLENT if you ask me.  Making the decision to keep the PS1 for over 12 years now and not only play the console, but keep the PS1 HOOKED UP to my TV for all these years really means the games must have been good.  And they *are* good.  REALLY good games.In addition to having a CD player built into the Playstation console for all your music needs, I have to say the CD player is actually a step above most CD players out there because the one built into the PS1 is apparently a heavy duty player that can actually play through HEAVILY scratched discs without a problem.I put in an old Stooges CD called Fun House that's almost unplayable on other CD players, but it works brilliantly in the PS1.  Honestly, the music CDs work a lot better in the PS1 than they do in an actual Sony CD player!  I had a couple Sony CD players that never played the discs right so in the trash without hesitation THOSE CD players went.How about memory cards?  You can buy a memory card for less than 5 bucks for your PS1 console.  I am totally serious about that.  What a FANTASTIC price to store your memory for your many video game adventures.  Trust me, you'll need a memory card for all the fairly long games available for the PS1.I'm also SICK TO DEATH of all these complicated video games out there today that require pressing TOO MANY buttons just to make the character perform an action that can *easily* be mastered on the Playstation 1.  No, you do NOT need extreme and precise accuracy just to shoot a guy in the arm when you can perform a similar action playing a first person shooter on the PS1, such as the Medal of Honor series.That leads us to the PS1 controller.  It's a *perfect* controller in every single way.  You can easily remember the buttons on the controller, and where they are located in critical moments so you won't make any mistakes.Most importantly, it's VERY easy to allow your fingers to reach over to another button and press it easily without any inconvenience.  I'm talking about NO problems doing so.  This... THIS is why the PS1 is a brilliant video game system.  No annoying analog sticks getting in the way of your commands.  No awkwardly placed buttons on the controller making your gaming adventure turn into a nightmare.  NONE OF THAT!All these games people criticize today for being old and unplayable such as the Silent Hill and Resident Evil series... give me a *break*.  You have to give these kind of games a chance so your brain and fingers can learn to adjust to the way they play, and I *promise* you'll learn to find that moving your character around is very easy.  It's all about giving things a chance and taking the time to understand the way they are.The Playstation 1 has MANY *extremely* good games available that are pretty affordable and definitely playable.  Sure, most of the games are slightly shorter than the games you will find on the Wii, PS3, or Xbox, but who cares?  You'll have so much fun playing them that you'll probably be back to play through them again, I guarantee it.  I must have played through Silent Hill and Castlevania: SOTN over 100 times.And no, it's NOT just RPG games that are worth playing either.  PLENTY of shooting games that you'll have a surprising amount of fun playing through, such as the Medal of Honor and Resident Evil series, Silent Hill, Dino Crisis 2, Quake II, Doom, MDK, all kinds of Mega Man games, and who knows what else.  There's just *so many games* to choose through, games that should be memorable for years and years and YEARS!  Perhaps the very best game on the Playstation is a platform/adventure game called Spyro the Dragon.  The best game EVER made maybe?Simply put- if you ignorantly write off the Playstation 1 for being old and outdated and assume that means the games are unplayable, you are flat out *wrong* in my eyes.  All this fancy digital, high def, high resolution stuff available for your televisions *just* to play a video game makes me sick to my stomach.  It means it's alright for video games to be bad because as long as they LOOK good, people will buy them anyway.  Absolutely disgusting.  Buy the PS1 and start a collection of EXCITING games.Oh, and that leads me to conclude that the coolest, neatest, greatest thing about the Playstation 1 console is that you can buy one for under 20 bucks.  20 bucks for HOURS of exciting gameplay?  Count me in!
...and here's THREE REASONS WHY:ONE: Massive game selection. There are hundreds of titles to choose from. Certainly you'll find a few that you will enjoy playing. There are some real gems out there, and you won't have to look hard to find them.TWO: Low, low prices. Because there are so many games, you'll have no trouble finding games that are in the ...range, thanks especially to the &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; series.THREE: Long-term staying power. Sony has sold more playstation units than anything they've ever made. And the CD format is always a superior way of storing information. And ask someone with a Super Nintendo if they can play those games on their N64... sorry, they can't. But if you ever decide to get a PS2, your games are still good.Gaming has come a long way since this system came out. My only regret is that I didn't get mine earlier.
first of all, this is not a flop. I dont know who would hate this. There are so many good games like Doom, Hexen, Duke Nukem, Resident evil, Silent hill, medal of honor, twisted metal. But mine broke after 7 years of usage. The engine burned out and it would turn on but the discs wouldnt spin. So, i suggest u get the new model to replace this one. Or a ps2. But, if u find one of these in mint, i garuntee it will work.
The Playstation is a great console for anyone.  With hundreds upon hundreds of games, this system is becoming very popular.  I used to have a N64, which I grew to dislike because of their expensive games.  The PS can play music cd's and has many accessories, including one which allows more than two people to play.A great gift for people of all ages!
Before I bought a Playstation I had the following impressions of it: long load times (five minutes or so)and major overheating problems. But now that I own a PSX, I know better. Load times are only a couple of seconds or at the most under a minute. As for the overheating, I guess it depends where you place your playstation. Mine's atop a cardboard box away from the satellite receiver and VCR. On the game Metal Gear Solid a CD icon is supposed to appear if the system is overheating or something, but that has never happened to me once. I normally play a game for 1 to 3 hours. One thing that I did notice, though, is that if you play a game for several hours, then take the game out and put another one in, you have to let the system cool down for an hour or two, otherwise you'll just get the main menu. The Playstation has a great library of games. For RPG gamers there's the Final Fantasy series with its GREAT graphics. The FMV sequences look like they came out of a big-budget special-effects-laden movie. N64 doesn't have such graphics, not that I've seen. For action gamers there's Metal Gear Solid, Vagrant Story, etc. TONS of great games. Remember, its not the graphics that make a system worth having, it's the games. I don't have the analog controller, but I love the regular controllers. They fit nice in your hand and ALL buttons are easily accessible, unlike N64. There are only two controller ports, but I seldomly play two player games and never play four player games. The system itself is very durable--I've taken it to college several times and hooked it up to the TV during my three-hour lunch. Overall a great system, but if mine broke sometime soon I'd probably save my money and wait for a PS2, although I would test the system first--see how it runs your old games--before making the big buy.
Ive been wanting a playstation 2, but this is just as good. Sure, the graphics arnt as good, but for 30$, its wroth it!
The Sony Playstation was the first main console game to come out with CD games, and the ability to play audio CDs. This gave it the ability to hold more information than a normal cartridge game ... and many games came in multiple CD packs. This equalled longer gameplay and more complexity than the N64 or Sega systems.The Playstation One is a smaller version of the same unit - portable and soon to come out with a portable LCD screen. Both play any game from the Playstation One library. While CDs do hold more data than cartridges, they load a bit more slowly, so often there is a second lag between scenes as the new scene loads into memory.While Nintendo games tend to be pixel based, most Playstation games are polygon based, taking advantage of the Playstation's 360,000 polygons/sec speed. This tends to make images sharper and scaleable. When something moves towards you it's easy to calculate polygons, compared to expanding pixels.There is a good sized library of games for the Playstation - quite a few racing games, plus the Tomb Raider series, the Final Fantasy series, Abe, Spyro the Dragon, and more. The games for the Playstation tend to be for teenagers and adults.We've had a Playstation since it first came out, and for racing and sports games it is incredible. We find we use the N64 far more often when kids are around wanting to play something.Specifications: CPU: 32-bit RISC Clock Speed: 34 Mhz Sound: CD quality, 24-channel stereo Connector: standard 3-plug video/audio connector 640 x 480 (256 x 224 TV units) resolution.
After giving it some thought, I recently bought a PSX Dualshock system.  Having played the N64, it got boring for me due to lack of RPG's. There is  not one decent true RPG title for the N64. Quest 64 was a total piece of  garbage and Zelda for me is just a over hyped, ho hum game.With the PSX,  there is the FF series, various Square Soft RPG's, upcoming Dragon Quest  VII, and many more titlesavailable. I got frustrated with the lack of RPG's  for the N64 and hearing about all the awesome ones for the PSX. RPG's has  always been my favorite type of game to play. The first RPG I ever played  was Dragon Warrior on the NES. That game really got me hooked on  RPG&quot;s. Everybody that I know has a PSXand they really it a lot. The  fact that the games are on CD's, hold more memory than cartridge, really  swayed me towards the PSX. The only drawback is that you need to buy memory  cards for Adventure &amp; RPG's. I like the design of the PSX, it can also  play your favorite cd's. The N64 may have better graphics and sound, but  that alone can't make a fun game. Don't get me wrong, N64 is a good system  and so is the Playstation. PSX has a lot of the Mature games. Something the  N64 has very few of anyway. The PSX Dual shock controller does not need  batteries, unlike the N64's. I haven't bought a decent game for the N64 in  a while and maybe won't for a while. There is no hope for the N64, not in  my mind anyway. Maybe there will be RPG's for the Starcube(Nintendo's new  system) but who knows? Nintendo has gone out of their way to make more  mature games and that's a good thing.Myself, I'm in my 30's and I like to  see more mature graphic scenes and four letter words. In closing, I would  like to say that I'm sure glad I bought a PSX. The library of games is  immense and there are loads of RPG's!But I have not given up on the N64,  maybe they or somebody else will make a decent RPG.(Yeah right!) Hails to  all the true RPG gamers out there!
It was early 1998--I think--and I was hanging out with some so-called friends. We were in my school's gym when our discussion turned to the topic of video games. Up `til then my experiences with the gaming industry had been with the NES and Game Gear, with the occasional Game Boy, SNES, and N64 when I visited my cousins. One of my uncles owned almost every major console in the `90s, but he never let us younger nephews touch any of his equipment.Anywho, I was talking with my "friends" and they asked me what game system I owned. I replied, "None. I don't have one," rather sheepishly. "None?" one questioned, confused. "Wow; I thought everyone had one." He promptly shrugged it off though, and continued conversing with the others.But I didn't shrug it off so easily.That night (or some time that week, since my memory fails me), I approached my mother and told her I wanted a video game system. The next day I came home to a PlayStation sitting on the living room entertainment center.Yeah, right.She told me if I wanted one I can buy it myself. I had been saving for a go-kart for a while, but as the years dragged on my interest in one dwindled. I decided to use that saved currency for a system instead. I thought I had the money, so that wasn't the issue; the real problem was deciding what to buy.For a while I debated getting a Saturn over the PlayStation. Sega had built itself quite the name at the time, and Sony was new to the market. I knew more Sega titles, like Sonic, since I had a Game Gear, but then one day at a friend's house I played a demo disc and there was a sole winter level starring this strange orange creature as the protagonist. I fell in love with it instantly, and when I discovered it was a PlayStation exclusive it was then that I declared which console to purchase.My mother and I paid a visit to our local Toys `R' Us, which was where I bought most of my Game Gear miscellany. We went to the games department and I saw the gray-silver box in all its glory. But its price wasn't so glorious to me, a child of elementary education. I was devastated when I learned I'd have to save a little more if I wanted to get the console, a game, and an extra controller in one fell sweep.That following summer, when my schooling was done and I had saved enough money, we returned to the giraffe's domain, but to my dismay the consoles no longer were available. I was defeated once again. A TRU rep informed us that the reason was because they were ridding their current stock and weren't getting more in until next week, when a fresh wave of a boxed console with an updated controller would arrive. We could come back then and check.My mother was tired of going back and forth and not finding what I wanted--I was quite the persistent whiner, after all--and goaded me into waiting till Christmas; if I did, she'd buy me an additional game.But I didn't want to wait. Santa's day was an eternity away.Next week we returned and sure enough to the TRU employee's word the new console was there. "DUALSHOCK" was imprinted boldly on the box in strong red colors. That meant little to me as I had no idea what that meant.I took the slip of paper that informed the cashier I was meaningful with my purchase, and went to find that game with the strange orange creature, and there it was: Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back.Most of the games I played at my cousins' were co-ops, thus I thought I'd need a second controller. But the first-party Sonys were out of my price range, forcing me to settle on a 3rd-party clear controller without analog sticks. Clear stuff was all the range in the `90s, but to this day I have to get a clear controller for every system because of that initial purchase.When I got home and opened the box I realized what DualShock meant. The controller was much different than my friend's, and I quickly preferred it over other pads.This faux-review has gone on long enough, so I'll try and speed things up.I played my new console non-stop for some time, spending hours upon hours with Crash and the included demo disc in the console's box, but couldn't get very far as I didn't buy a memory card. I didn't know I'd need one, even though the TRU rep said I would. My NES didn't need one; my cousin's SNES didn't need one. But the PS did and I had to save up for that.I bought every Crash title for the PS, and spent many dollars at Blockbuster renting various titles. I grew to love Final Fantasy, Bloody Roar, Tomb Raider, Tomba, Croc, Ape Escape, Spyro, and many other fantastic series because of Sony's initial console, and have gotten every one of their consoles since.When the PS2 was released, I of course bought it and gave my old gray buddy to my kid sister, never caring to look back.Last summer that same sister bought herself a used PS2 to use as a relaxer during college, and it was then that I started developing a sharp interest in old consoles and games. I asked her about our old PS1 and she said the reason she bought a PS2 was because the PS1 had been failing but that she couldn't remember where she stored it.A month ago she texted me a picture of a sticker-covered gray machine. I picked it up the following weekend, cleaned it, and tested some titles. Unfortunately some games don't read at all, like Croc, while others, like Crash 2, work flawlessly. There's definitely some lengthier loading time than if I played the same disc in my PS3, but there's something about the lower graphical output and using the original DualShock that trumps playing the same game on the PS3.Perhaps it's nostalgia, perhaps it's empirical proof. I don't know, but all I know is that I love my PlayStation and am glad to be opening its disc tray once again. It turned me from a casual gamer into a video game connoisseur.
For us Nintendo/Play Station junkies this is a must for the original games. This is in great condition. Would recommend.
Spent many a sleepless night playing this game.  They *finally* got it right!  If you ever thought you could build the best roller coaster and wanted to see what it's like to actually ride it, you gotta get this game.  It's so much fun to walk around in &quot;camcorder&quot; mode and check out  the park you've built.  Plus, getting on a ride and watching all these  doe-eyed, chubby-cheeked kids screaming their heads off... too funny!  Great, non-violent, non-stop entertainment.  Make sure you've got a decent  system - at least a P2-300 and a good 3D card as it does start to slow down  once the park fills up.
This game has a lot of sentimental value to me. I was about 14 at the time of purchase (2000). Really enjoyed unlocking the various islands in the game and building them out with seemingly endless possibilities.Aesthetically, there is something magical about the game. The island themes, rides, characters, color palette... all very intriguing. The art style is very cartoonish, but the gameplay is fairly realistic for a kids game - well balanced overall.This is a kids game that happens to be quite enjoyable even for adults due to the economic aspects of the game (i.e. managing the park, budgeting of staff training etc). I would recommend the game for early to mid teens and even adults looking for a temporary reprieve from reality. You won't be disappointed.
Diablo is one hell of an outstanding game. I loved it as soon I started playing it. The treatment of horror in the game seems so authentic. This is a classic RPG. The story deals with the same old theme - the forces of good against evil. There are three basic character types - the warrior, the rogue, and the sorcerer (wish there were more) each with unique characteristics. You choose to be any one of them as you begin your quest against not any mere evil but against the lord of terror DIABLO himself. As u venture deep into the labyrinths u come across books enlightening the story of the mysterious dark lord, who with the help of his two brothers Mephisto and Baal plans to resume the "sin war" between the gates of heaven n hell.The number of characters u interact with in the game is limited but conversations with each makes things clearer and makes room for subplots. U also get to talk to a few demons. Dealing with the demons in itself is an experience. God! This game is so scary. I like the whole feel of the game - the gothic tale of terror, the gloomy labyrinth, the sinister sounds heard in the background, and finally the dark unholy figures creeping in on u from all sides add to the whole eerie atmosphere.Though the action in the game gets repetitive after sometime it is very addictive and real fun. The controls in the game are very simple in the sense that you just point n click at the demons and smash them to pieces. Though combat has been made simple it involves a lot of strategy coz at times u are attacked by hordes of demons of various types from all sides and u would wish that u had this great machine gun to blast them.Talking about weapons the blacksmith provides u with quite a number of medieval weapons to pick from. There is the axe, scimitar, mace, morning star, sword, falchion, bow, blade, dagger, club, sabre, flail, and hammer...just to mention a few and each comes in varieties with various attributes. And the sorceress has a range of spells n staffs to offer for a price. Also once you are done with the demons in a particular labyrinth u can look around for weapons they were carrying n other things lying around such as armor, amulets and rings. Conversations with the blacksmith and the sorceress help a lot as to which weapon will help u vanquish which type of demon.Another thing is that each time u start a new game u enter a different labyrinth. Nothing good or bad about it as the labyrinths and the demons look the same anyway even though u have a different map each time only that u have to be on the lookout for demons creeping out of new areas. It is just like serving the same food in a new dish each time.All in all this is a great RPG. Diablo offers a spine-chilling experience. Every fan of the horror genre should give this game a try. This game is so addictive that Diablo II is out of question for another couple of months.
I have had Diablo for about 2 or 3 years now and I still play the multiplayer (I even play the single player occasionaly). Exploring dungeons, killing hideous monsters, getting stronger, and learning new abilities has never been so fun. There's only 3 character classes but there cool character classes. You'v got your Strong and brave Warrior, you have your incredibly accurate master of archery, the Rouge, and you of course have to have the magic dude, the Sorcerer. The game offers great challenges, however some of the bosses were easy, especialy Diablo. I'm not saying I didn't break a sweat when fighting him, I just expected him to be stronger. Uh, but when you meet the Butcher, be ready to get very mad because you will probably die the first 6 fights (remember to save your game often!!). Multiplayer can be really fun, but somtimes those stupid hackers ruin everything. If you download anti crashes (protects you from being crashed), or god mode ( invincibility that keeps you from being killed by other players), the hackers won't bother you too much, thus letting you have a much funner game :) I havn't played Diablo 2, but I have watched a friend play it and it looks great. Ill have to buy it somtime. Oh, and if you like gore in your games there's alot of it in here. Like when you kill a zombie, its body parts fall off and some flesh and blood splatters on the wall, or when one of those horned demons die, their chest splits open and blood just goes everywhere. And don't think the dungeons and all the other levels are going to be clean and happy, because they are made up of bodys, heads, arms, and everything stuck on spikes, or dead bodys chained to walls. And it's kinda disturbing when you walk into the Butchers "kitchen", because theres blood, organs, and body parts scrawled all over the floor. This is definatelly not a game for kids AT ALL. The graphics and sound are good considering how old the game is. This is no doubt one of the best RPGs to ever grace the pc. A must buy!!!
I just read a review that said that they had just gotten to level 5, and said that everything looks the same as it did in level one.... and there absouletly right. But, had they played one more level... he would have entered the catacombs!, a whole new enviroment with different, and harder mosters, better weapons, new spells, and more expierience to gain! And its not those are the only two areas either... ( even I would have thioght it would have been crappy then), theres also the caves, and hell. So please to you diablo naysayers, or any body planing on getting the game, just beet it up to the caves....  I would be very certain you would change your mind about it. Also ive played diablo 2 and must say i was impressed, but I only got to level 3 so... im dont really know enogh to give my two cents about it. And especially for anyone considering buying diablo, consider the following...  I own the following games: Age of Empires 2, The Sims Deluxe Edition, Medal of Honor:Allied Assault(and the breakthrough expansion), Age of Mytholigy, Grand Theft Auto 3, just to name a few. I only listed those because there some of my best games. And listen to this, DIABLO BEATS EM' ALL! Battle.net isnt bad either. In fact, thats how I came about my copy... see, a friend of mine gave me a burnt copy hoping to play multiplayer with me. And we did.... FOR 12 HOURS!!!
This is the first game Blizzard released that I bought, and boy what a choice. The grahpics are wht got me to keep checking out this game, but a guy I worked with kept telling how awesome this was and how awesome the on-line play was. And I tell you what. This game was awesome all the way through. Turning every corner, not knowing what was there and then being attacked by horde after horde of every kind of monster imaginable, this game continually kept my adrenalin pumping. The final fight with Diablo in the end was alot tougher than the one in Diablo2 and was a very challenging game. 3 character classes to choose from and many weapons, magic items, and shields to choose from. This is one of the best games ever released and a must for any gamer.
Diablo is a addictive game that will hang u up all day in front of that darn computer. You can choose between warrior (strong but little magic), rogue (in between), and sorcerer(weak, but lots of mana). The single player game isn't much, but multi player makes up for this. Buuuuuuuuuuut in multi-player, other poeple hack to get good stuff, boot you, and kill you without warning (called pks; hated by most and undefetead by others). However, when you get strong enough you can stop others from doing these cheap things. Diablo also comes with something that i looked forward to and you should to; you will never play the same game twice. The levels you go to are always different in a different game. And if you find yourself under heavy attack, go back to town where no one fights(you can't; I often go there).So, the part you want me to talk about is here,Pros:-never the same game twice-addictive-good graphics-thousands of weapons, sheilds, armors, spell books, ect, ect-different characters provied different planning of how you strom Diablo's fortressCons:-Pks and hackers ruin multiplayer-to hard for beggining characters who don't have many spells and stuffSooooooooooooooooo, with that over, you know I've been typing this forever and I don't wanna wast my time, so just listen to me and buy it. You will honor the day you do as a holiday(hehe. you might not, but you might want to). sorry, I have a game to play that you didn't buy yet. . . .
I haven't played this game in several years and picked it up a couple of weeks ago.  The reason I picked up this game over everything else is that it is soooo cheap.  What other game offers so much for ten bucks??!?!?The best thing about Blizzard is Battle.Net, which is free after you purchase the game.  This adds so much value to this game and really makes it a lot of fun to play.  It doesn't take long to find some companions and go into the dungeons killin' uglies.  Sometimes you need to look out for the player killers, but there is always somebody there willing to help somebody out.Another good thing is that it doesn't require much knowledge to play.  Just play it for a few minutes and then it all makes sense.  It's ease of use of the features is a very strong plus.Finally, the replay value is enormous.  The dungeons are never the same and there are many quests you can go on to keep on challenging you.A great game.  It has an 'M' for its violence and gore, but this rating really surprises me as there is no blood and the graphics are not that detailed.
I bought Diablo when it was first released back in 1997 and to this day I still find myself playing it. I have solved it numerous times but I never tire of it. I just create a new character and start from scratch. Whether it be a warrior, rogue or sorcerer, it is fun playing as each character and finding the strengths and weaknesses for each character. Even though Diablo 2 has since been released the original Diablo is still fun. The graphics may not hold a candle to the games on the market today, but in the end all that matters is fun and Diablo is just that FUN! If you are looking for a game to play while passing the time between blockbuster releases, then pick up a copy of Diablo if you don't already have it.
This is the classic Diablo game that I've been looking for since my old copy was destroyed in a fire a few years ago.  The game was as it stated in the description new and still unopened (not used) which is hard find since Blizzard no longer makes copies.  The only issue I had was nothing the game itself but with Window7s.  It seems that Window7 has issues running this old of a game.  It took a while a looking on the internet but finally a friend showed me to get Diablo running on Windows7.You have to to right click on your desktop, go to select personalize change the back ground to high contrast# 1.  Once that is done then do the same thing but this time select the screen resolution and leave it open. Then run the game as normal and you'll be money.
Diablo is now looked on as the classic RPG that brought great storyline and replayability to the world. It's still as fun as it was when it came out.It's hard to remember now, with so many dark games out, but Diablo was really one of the first that had truly evil forces to contend with.The graphics might be a little blocky compared to current day games, but it's still amazingly fun to play. The levels that are different each time you play, the various character classes, the assortment of armor and weapons you pick up, all add up to great fun both the first time and tenth time you go through.Plus with on line play, you can build up a character and head through quests with your friends from around your neighborhood or around the world.If you're a fan of Diablo 2, Dungeon Siege or other hack-and-slash RPGs, you really might want to pick up Diablo and see where they all came from. You should be able to find used copies of the game pretty easily, and even buying it new is at a discount price!
Really a great classic, it works fine but there are rainbow color issues that battle.net has a fix for, you have to play it as a tiny window in the middle of the screen but given the game play is pristine as it always was I can't complain, I just adore this game!
Diablo is the first computer-based RPG that I played and by far defined what I expect in such a game.  The gothic fantasy is dark and makes you feel as though you are truely fighting evil.  I remember that I became very attached to my character and always wanted to develop it further.  The story is decent, but what makes it is battle.net (which was introduced with this game).  I spent many hours of my ninth grade year (four years ago) playing this game at night online with my friend.  We would adventure for hours just killing all the evil foes in our way.  It can seem repetitive and very much hack-and-slash, but still, it is very, very addictive. Especially since this game is now so [inexpensive], I would suggest it as a good buy for someone with many hours to spend developing a character.
This game created a genre and no game ever topped the original. This was from a time when games were challenging, and beating them was an accomplishment rather just an investment in time. Upgrades to your gear could randomly drop from any critter, so every kill was exciting and death could always be around the next corner. I recommend this to any gamer.
Are you looking for a challenging game? Are you looking for a game that has a good storyline?  Then this game is the one for you!  This game gets harder and harder for every level you go to.  At first its a small change but once you get to the final levels of the game the difficulty becomes apparent. A must play!
Best game on the market when it came out. I spent an entire vacation playing this game. I got my wife hooked on it and ewe both have played it  for 3 years.  I am usually bored to tears with a game in a few months.  This lasted for 3 years and well....now it is losing its glamour....but I  have informed my boss I am taking a couple extra days off when DiabloII  hits my computer.
If you have not already noticed, Diablo is easily located within Dungeons and Dragons. This is actually a benefit for Diablo, since it has very little story going on. This RPG/action hybrid is nice and it's multiplayer community is huge. Too bad there are millions of cheaters. Just be legit and everyone else will catch on. The game offers lots of fun. Not many complaints though. They are really your choice as to if they're bad or good. Get the game if you want. Not a wasted "money".
The story of Diablo is based on premise of a war between Heaven and Hell. The town of Tristram is under attack by demons, and the player must save the town. As the player delves into the underworld, he discovers more about the demon Diablo, through large tomes that are read aloud by the character. Eventually, the player reaches the lair of Diablo and must kill him.
This is a great and challenging game, I've wasted countless hours playing this incredible game.  I would highly recommend it to any Blizzard fan, and anyone who started the Diablo series with the 3rd installment.  Great Game.
Ultimate Adventure game. Blizzard has the best team of programmers ever! I mean come on STARCRAFT? WARCRAFT? They are all great! Diablo has got to be one of my favorite games!
Diablo is a sweet RPG game with a terrifing setting. In this game, you play a brave knight who goes down to the catacombs and fight evil satan-like demonic creatures. This game is not for the seven year olds or the younger. So, if you kids at home are reading this review, don't ignore this because let me tell you, this game will honestly scare you. This game is bloody because you cut off arms, and, not to mention, in one quest, you find a guy sitting in a pool of blood. It is also somewhat disturbing because of the hell-like settings after you enter the under world.
The interactions between your character (you can chose between three types) and the enemies/allies is very funny and entertaining at times.  I got a bit bored with having to go back and forth between levels at times -- the goat guy and his special item isn't really worth going back for.  Clearly the ending of the game is set up for continuation of the basic world/plot.  I was anxiously awaiting the next edition after I won this game a few times.  With it had a balance of male to female characters though.
Before I write my review, I want to make sure you know that I played Diablo II BEFORE I played Diablo, which screwed my experience with Diablo in some respects (hated not having the running ability, already knew my character's fate, couldn't highlight items on the ground, etc). But otherwise I am not biased for or against this game.I got this game in early 2000, I would spend all day at it, the I would get up and play it at night, sometimes even affecting my performance at school. So it certaintly is addictive, to say the least. As I mentioned earlier, I played the demo, the the full version, of Diablo II first, so I did have those complaints I mentioned above. But had I gotten into RPGs earlier, I probably would not have anything against this game. Except for the running thing, I hate it when I have to chase the archer-goatmen down endless corridors, sometimes leading me unexpectedly into another horde of enemies, without having any other option than chasing him. Arghh, that's got to be the most annoying thing in the whole game, second to forgetting to save and then dying, forcing you to replay a portion of the game over, which is really annoying.Besides for that, and considering it was made in '97, I give this game an excellent rating. I mean, any game that makes me stay up all night has got to be good for SOMETHING.
Although by now, Diablo is beginning to show it's age in the gaming industry, it remains one of my favorite games of all times.  The combat system is very well done in which you choose your armor, weapons, magic rings/amulets, and spells in a menu and can change these based on what you go into combat with.  The countless possibilities of combinations are numberless, and there is a slight variation in quests each time you play.The theme is basically a medieval one in which you venture deep into an underground labyrinth to battle monsters and such that you've heard about, and you end up having to face monsters of mammoth proportions (The Butcher), Magical Skill (Lazarus), and a combination (Diablo).  The game really shouldn't be intended for kids that are at an age where gore and such could sicken one, as there are themes of death, sacrifice, and unholiness in the game.I found the game very enjoyable however, and at the moment it's at a bargain price.  If you have played Diablo II already, you'd probably like the first Diablo, although Diablo II is much better.  I'd still suggest playing the first one before taking on Diablo II.  There are numerous spells and such that you can learn to aid you on your quest, and items appear randomly after battling Monster bosses (regular monsters with special powers...i.e. one with magic resistances).  The game implores you to learn the lay out of the dungeon, and you begin to press deeper into the valleys of heck.The degree of difficulty is not too bad, where after you get used to the game, you realize that all you really need is time to beat it, and plenty of saves.  The usefulness of the shops and magic items also turns the tides against darkness in your favor.  I'd recommend this game to anyone who's out of elementary school and doesn't mind the gore and violence to reach a game with great gameplay and a relatively detailed storyline, with interesting quests.
As Levant (or whatever you name him), you make your quest to save your village from the locuse of apocalypse. Going into forests and catching fierce beasts to protect yourself and others is a journey for the strong. You can even catch beasts and merge them with others. So if you want a game that's like Pokemon with a awesome twist, by this game!
Yes you do fight with monsters and yes you are a kid. But this game has a rich storyline with many character relationships. Different from pokemon you can fight yourself. Although the graphics are bit out dated they still look awsome and the anime videos are fantastic. The music works well with the game and the voices of the characters are well placed for those who dont want to read. Overall its a great game and well worth the money.
This is a true classic. Players assume the role of a Cocoon Master in a remote village plagued by roaming monsters and folklore. Unravel the story of the Tamamayu as you hunt, raise and combine monsters for summoning in battle!
This is one of the very few RPG's I've played more than three times. (The other notable mention is Final Fantasy VI.) If you take Pokemon, strip out 90% of the childish nonsense, give it beautiful music, dreamlike landscapes, a plot, character development, and interresting monsters that can take on a multitude of forms, you get Jade Coccoon.Jade Coccoon has a dreamlike fairy-tale quality that I enjoy. There is character development and an actual plot. The sound track is beautiful; I wish I could find it. The character Po tells some good stories (the first about Alcana is the best), which is a nice diversion. My favorite element of the game is that there is no clear "good guy" and "bad guy", there is conflict on both sides. It also touches on some theological questions in an interresting way. The graphics are also quite good for a PlayStation game, and actually add to the mood and setting rather than just act as flashy eye-candy.My only problem with this game is that it seems slightly rushed in development. There are elements in the story that seem as if they will be developed, and they just "go away". There is also a slight bug: If you save a game while carrying firefly coccoons and turn off the PlayStation, when you re-start, the special abilities and spells of the creatures in the firefly coccoons will be erased. (However, sometimes this works to your advantage for breeding.) Purified coccoons left with Mahbu are safe. The game has also crashed three times on my PS2 (twice when Levant is summoning the first Minion of a fight), but for 50+ hours of play, that isn't bad.
This game brought back so many memories, it came in the condition that was in the description. It worked perfectly.
Starsiege Tribes is (by a Hiroshima) the best game on our planet. There is so much, I repeat, SO MUCH to do in the tribes universe. One problem with the game that is a problem but once you play you'll forget: NO single player. The multiplayer is SO good that this game should be called BUBBA and Halo and all those other[...] games should be renamed BUBBA'S[...]. For $10 or less, you cannot beat this. Get it. Absorb it. Die a happy gamer. You will not regret it my friends.
I agree. I have bought many games and I have found &quot;Tribes&quot; to be one of the best. With hundreds of servers, great graphics,and gameplay how could you go wrong?
The game itself has a very neat idea.  The game is mainly for team play.  And if you're like me this is the kind of game you have been waiting for where you get together with a team and have large bases with turrets and  different types of weapons and armor that add to the action.There is two  really neat things about it.  One is the size of the maps.  It takes about  20 minutes to run from one end to the other, making it very enjoyable for  team play.  The other is not only can you play as a 1st Person view with a  gun but you also have access to ships, in which you can pilot(fly).  You  can have an ordinary fighter or you can pilot a dropship which yourself and  others can transport yourselves to the enemies base.The action in the  game is very fun indeed.  You have to penetrate the opponent's base and get  inside with out being killed by the team mates and the turrets.  Once  inside you take out weapon generaters and armor disposels.  If you succeed  in destroying all their main targets, your team wins.Very strategic and  definitly fun to play with friends on network LAN or the internet.  This is  definitly a must-buy if you're a 1st Person fan.
Tribes is awesome.  Probably the best thing about the game is the fact that everyone can get whatever weapon suits them best.  The games where you have to find the guns kinda get old, because if you dont find it, you get  killed trying to.  The stratagy is probably the most incredable thing about  the game.  it sounds so simple, capture the flag, but there is SO much you  can do.  talk with you team to create a diversion, or simply go kamakazi  with the scout.  This game is by far one of the best stratagy games out  there.  Probably the best part about it is the phrases.  They are great.  Bye!
StarCraft stands the test of time as a strategy game extraordinaire. It is not just the trio of the zerg, protoss, and terran with their well balanced arsenals. It is the whole plot and atmosphere which shine.StarCraft was one of the first strategy games I played where I got swept up into the storyline and became fond of the individual character types. Even many years later I still refer to the "zerglings" and remember the behavior of the individual troop types.The game is incredibly fun just in single player mode, moving through the missions, refining and perfecting your skill with each of the three groups. Where it shines for me, though, is when you take it into multiplayer and take on other humans. The possibilities are pretty much endless. With all the troop types, and the various ways to use them, you can always find a fresh, interesting challenge.We definitely own games that we played once, had a fun time doing so, and then put the game away never to be touched again. We have games that we wrote five star reviews when they came out but barely remember them several years later. This is NOT the case with StarCraft. We adored it when it came out, we kept playing it, and even years later we are strong advocates of the game.Perhaps the only trouble you could have in modern times is that, because the game was released for Windows 95 and Windows NT, you might have difficulties playing the game on a just-released system. The game is, after all, from 1997. However, I just tested the game out on my 2010 laptop which is running Windows Vista. It ran without a problem. I logged into Battle.net and there were currently 137 StarCraft games running! I'm not sure how many other 13 year old games you could find this kind of enthusiasm for.Are there any downsides? Sure, the graphics are a little blocky compared with current high def games. Still, the minute I launched into my Zerg world, I was oblivious to any minor issues with the older resolution. The underlying plot and gameplay were all there. The same is just *fun*.Highly recommended!We purchased StarCraft with our own funds.
StarCraft does fall into the RTS genre; resource gathering, unit creation, base building, ect. But it isn't as demanding for a strategic genius as games like Age of Empires or Rise of Nations. Nonetheless, it's an explosive game that will keep you busy for a long time. In a way, StarCraft is a great change of pace for fans of more complex RTS games (like me). Playing Rise of Nations all the time can start to get overwhelming because of the constant mass and micro management needed. In StarCraft, you don't have to deal with a ton of diplomacy issues or anything like that. A typical game has things set up kind of like an RTS death match. All of the resources you need are sitting right next to your base. Collect them, build defenses, then build an army. You can choose from three different races. The Terran, a human army of colonists, Zerg, a race of bugs, mutants, and everything creepy and crawley, and the Protos, a super intelligent race with psionic powers. Each race (Terran, Zerg, Protos) have their one advantages and disadvantages. The Terran are well balanced and are best for beginners. They have good infantry and a variety of defenses. One good advantage is that important Terran Buildings (command centers, barracks, ect.) can lift off the ground and fly to a new area for a quick escape. The Zerg rely on the masses. Their units are not as powerful but they are also less expensive and some are created in groups. One of their disadvantages is that they cannot build (mutate) on normal ground; only on a thick slime that covers the ground near their buildings. The Protos have very powerful units, but they are more expensive and take longer to build. A huge advantage for the Protos is that they don't have to sit at a construction site and waste time building it up. All you have to do is get one of your little probes to warp the building in. The second the probe reaches the building site, they actavate a portal and the building basically starts to build itself, allowing the probe to tend to other matters. As a side effect, they can't repair damaged buildings. The sounds are nothing to make a whole extra section about (zap, boom, kerpow, "gimme somethin' to shoot.") but they're what you would expect from a game like this. The music also fits the mood perfectly. The graphics are about the same as Age of Empires II with a slightly more animated look making everything look and run smooth. It's hard to tell how good the AI is because of the simple tactics they use; launch waves of troops at your enemies and destroy them all. The AI also loves to rush. Expect to be attacked about five minutes into the game. Along those lines, the computer does very well. The environments are very interesting and original, covered with black dirt, craters, strange animals and purple trees. StarCraft also has a great (and free) online multiplayer with an endless number of people to play with.
There are many real time strategies to choose from, and most of them are much more complex in gameplay and in graphics. But folks, I have to say that I have found no RTS that is more fun and addicting to play than  starcraft. Since broodwar was released, the game is even more fun! The  single player components are very entertaining and the story line is top  notch. I want to emphasize that because it is one of the best qualaties of  the game. The multiplayer part of starcraft is what keeps me playing. I am  really wondering if this game will ever get old to me, but it hasn't yet.  This game is perfect for somebody who wants a game for the fun-factor and  re-playablity.
This is an amazing game. I was first intriduced to it when, at camp, they said they were having a starcraft tournament. I had never played starcraft, but being myself, I entered anyway. I practiced single player for  a matter of minutes, but i was distracted, and only learned about marines and scvs. I got crushed in the tournament, obviously, but after playing some more I started to get it, and now, I play  on battle net as often as my high speed internet is not too fast for every one elses-almost never. My point is, however, that starcraft takes five minutes to learn, but five years to master. Even the champions still practice alot. The nail on the coffin for this game, after the multiplayer capabilities, is the great campaign mode. It is not recgognized, however starcraft has one of the greatest storylines a game has ever had. Thats Why I rated this five stars, and it certainly is the best game i own, maybe the best game ever.
I rate this game only second to Total Annihilation for RTS game though this game combines Graphics, sound, gameplay, and story better, I liked the free downloads of units better and just had more fun playing it.But this game is awesome...
this game is the most beautiful game i've ever played.  the detail of the units, the sounds, the graphics are very well done.  not to mention the fun factor of playing against online players.  this game encourages you to think on your feet and develop different strategies to annihilate your opponent.  of all the games out there, i would suggest this game.  get the expansion set, too.  its a must have for playing with even more units with different skills.i've been playing this game since 98 and have been playing ever since.  i was hooked on quake2 for a while.  if you want to use your intelligence rather than just merely blasting away at foes, this game has your name on it.checkout online strategy guides to help you with your game.  good luck and happy hunting!
If you're looking for a good strategy game, look no further. Simply put, this is one of the top 5 real time strategy games ever made!!!
Single player is very fun and most recommended for the very beginners.  But, completing the single player is completely unnecessary, for it doesn't begin to prepare you for the EXTRAORDINARY online gaming experience.  Although playing online is free, I would GLADLY pay the price of this game as a monthly fee if need be!  A little about the game.. you start off with a single building for your base.  As the game progresses you build yourself a bigger base and, depending on the game type(which there are plenty of), you make forces to attack and defend.  Too much fun to be able to explain why!Graphics: (4/5) - Would be 8/5 when this first came out!Gameplay: (5/5) - Very smoothe, even with 56k(online).Online play: (5/5) - The best of the best!Overall: (5/5) - Get this game if it's the only game you'll ever own!  I've replaced my CD 3 times now in 4 years because of extensive gameplay!  The price is righter than right I would have payed 3x the price!
Starcraft is and will always be the defining Strategy game.  Its easy access interface and the quick pick up on controls alows this game to be great.  The best part about this game is its multiplayer capabilities.  Blizzard has given Starcraft players the ability to make their own games.  Everything from tag to chase to movie contests are held on their FREE servers.  I don't like to give 5 stars that easily but this game is the definition of fun.
Let's get one thing straight. I am biased. I love this game. I would even go so far as to say it is my favorite game.  If that makes you mad then  that's your problem.First off we have the graphics. They are not 3d  accelerated but they are very good and they get the job done.Next we  have the sound. I'd have to say that it is the best sound in any strategy  game (although Total Annihilation comes close, in music anyway) The music  is very good and fits each race. The terrans have a sort of rousing  war-movie-like tune, the zerg have a wierd-sounding alien like one, and the  protoss music is appropriately mystical.  The sound effects fit the  situation. (Gooshy biological sounding suff for the zerg, mechanical for  the terran, wierd future-tech for the protoss)Ultimately though, those  are just the bells and whistles.  The game-play is where it's at and that  is where Starcraft truly excels. The biggest innovation here is the truly  different races.  In past games (can you say warcraft 2?), the opposing  forces have the exact same units with different looks.  In Starcraft they  are really UNIQUE. Every side has its strengths and weaknesses and there  are no real equivalent units.Every different match-up, whether it be  protoss-zerg or terran-protoss requires a different strategy. The terrans  are mobile and do well in combined-arms, the protoss are durable, powerful  and expensive, and the zergs are numerous and frail. The single-player game  plays out well with a ten mission campaign for each race.  The campaigns  are played out in a set order (terran,zerg,protoss) Why? So you can follow  the STORY. Yes there is a story and it is very good too unlike most  Real-time strategy games. Once you finish the single player game, then you  can go online to Blizzard's free internet service for some of the best  multiplayer action there is.Starcraft is easily the best thing to come  from the gods at Blizzard. It is the best real-time strategy game  available. Bar-none.
If you have played Activision's Dark Reign, you will love this one. Many of the features and commands are similar. Graphics are great with some cool special effects. All the units are small enough, so playing on a small  monitor won't take away from the viewable battlefield. Reasource and troop  management are not complex like many other games of this type. You will not  have to memorize many complex keyboard shortcuts(unless you want to)  because the mouse is used for most of your input commands. Starcraft still  holds its own after almost 2 years from the release date. I highly  recommend Starcraft for those who enjoy a good strategy game.
This really is a great game.  When it first came out, I was burned out on real-time strategy games, having played Warcraft 2 to death.  I played the first 15 Starcraft missions, then gave up on it.  Partly, my nerves were  shot:  RTS does that to it.  It's a very frenetic type of game, with lots  of rapid clicking, scrolling around on the map, trying to keep it all under  control.  You have to hold a lot of stuff in your short term memory, and  (in the harder levels) the constant onslaught of enemy attacks tends to  make you forget what you were trying to do.  --This is one down side of RTS  games in general, and Starcraft is no exception in this regard.A month  ago, I picked Starcraft up again, and I've been playing it ever since.  Although I still like the fantasy setting of Warcraft better, Starcraft  really is a fun game.  Each of the 3 races has its own character, and there  are a *lot* of units, upgrades, special abilities, and compinations /  permutations to make becoming and expert in the game a huge challenge.  This is definitely a game you can sink your teeth into and get your money's  worth out of.
Starcraft is still among the best of the real time strategy games. I especially like the inclusion of three factions with different abilities requiring different strategies to succeed. Get it with the Brood War expansion and have fun!
This game is awesome. It is still topping best-selling lists after all these years. A great buy.
Game is best. Blizzard gave players almost full control of the game with StarEdit (campaign editor) and you can download new units from ...The only game that can beat StarCraft is StarCraft2 (comming 2004)...
I played this game years ago and was hooked emmediately.  Blizzard has never let me down as one of thier customers and I will gladly pay full price for any of thier games(as opposed to waiting for the game to hit the bargain bin).  This game still holds true as an exciting experience, single player or multi.  I just bought a new computer and cant wait to play over the LAN. This game is easily better than some of the games that are comming out lately.  Blizzard has such a user friendly attitude that they give you the option to copy the games multiplayer data onto 7 other computers to play on the LAN, unlike another game I purchased last week that wants you to buy a whole new copy to play in your own house.Anyway, the replay value for this game is higher than any I have ever played.  This is one of the first games i ever bought for my PC and I love it still.  The gameplay is great with 3 diverse races that demand various strategies to master.  New units are eased into your missions and the game is easy to learn.  The game doesnt necessarily boast screaming 3d graphics like todays market, but then, todays market isnt all that great.  The game is pleasing to watch and listen to.  The developers have included plenty of unit responses and command acknowlagments that you will not get bored clicking on your units.  Click on them enough times in a row and BLizzards crew have added funny responses or strange saying to the units, like in warcraft. The sound is awesome. The music is good, never gets boring, and keeps you in the action.To top it al off, I think that Blizzard is really devoted to thier fans and customers, unlike some other greedy corporate shmucks.  Blizzard has always been on top of thier games online, trying to make DiabloII un-hackable so players could enjouy it more.  Little things like that show and buyers notice these things.  I will not hesitate to give them my money for Warcraft3 or any of thier new games because they have a perfect track record with me so far.  Check out DiabloII and the expansions for Starcraft and DiabloII.  Youll never be ripped off by Blizzard.
Starcraft is one of the best combat / strategy games ever ;0). The basic game play is pretty easy to pick up and if you play the single player missions in order you'll quickly learn the strengths and weaknesses of each troop type. Then the fun really begins when you battle against real opponents across the Internet. After you have played the single player missions you'll have your favorite race (Terran, Protos or Zerg). You'll come up with your own tactics on how to deal with your opponents There is a huge on-line community out there defending the `Honor' of each respective race. Buy the game and come play.  This game came out back in 1998 and it is still being played now.  Few games can say they have that lasting appeal. Starcraft is great on it's own but Starcraft really needs to be played with the expansion Starcraft:Brood war; it adds more depth to both the game and tactics with new missions and new units. If you don't own Starcraft instead of buying starcraft by itself buy the Starcraft: battle chest and get Starcraft, Starcaft: Broodwar and strategy guides for both games. The battle chest is well worth the extra.
Starcraft was released years before I am writing this review but is still one of the most fun games I've ever played. Actually this is one out of two of the only games I've ever rated as a 5-star game on Amazon.com. If you're reading this you're obviously looking into buying this game and finding out what it's about and such. Starcraft has so many dimensions that after years of playin im still addicted to the game.Basically starcraft is a game that uses the same type of formula found in a Warcraft or Age of Empires type of game - you build a colony of units and buildings and attack your opponent. Starcraft lets you chooese from 3 races - Terran the human like race, Zerg the larva infested race or protos the highly evolved computer generated race. All of these races have units - all with there pros and cons. For example a Zerg Gaurdian can take out a whole terran defense of missle turrets but it cant attack air units.SC's first mode is single player where choose your colony and you go through a campaign for each race learning more about the wars of the races and having fun while doing it. Also in single player mode you can play a custom match to practice your skills against the computer. Overall the gameplay is great but there seems to be one flaw. A term called rushing where the opposing team can take out in early colony in a matter of minutes. They can easily "rush" into your base (mainly protoss zealots and terran marines) and attack you qucik enough to kill you and destroy all of your buildings while your still just getting started. The blizzard team tried to slow down "rushing" by making updates to the game and making it so that a user can only take 12 units at a time while retreating, attacking etc. but it hasn't worked out to well.Another mode (which is where you have alot of fun) is multiplayer mode where you go online and play with other people from around the U.S, Asia, UK (or wherever you live.) Once you enter multiplayer mode you'll have to pick a name and password. Once you're done with that you'll be put into a chatroom which is a great part to the game. When you dont feel like playing or if you just want to make friends in the game this feature has it. You can edit your bdy lists here, send friends messages etc (basically the whole aim sceanrio.) Another thing you can do in chatrooms is see how much your lagging (which ill explain in a minute.) Lagging is when your computer is to slow to keep up with the connection and u make everybody suffer from your slow computer. Dont worry though, people who dont have slow computers can drop slow players disrupting a game and game creaters can boot slow people or lagging players or... anyone they want. In multiplayer mode can choose forom a variety of types of games. From a comp stomp where you can =d a bunch of other people take on 1 to 6 or 7 computers to 3v3 no clutter games, and even down to 4v4 nr20min (nr= no rush but some people still dont listen to the rules.) In a multiplayer game you can ally in an ffa (free for all) bs (backstab) and so on. This adds demension to the game making it harder to know who to trust and who to believe. Games with diffrent rules and games called ums are made by starcraft players in the Campaign editor mode. That's right you can make your own game on sc. All of them are fun for the most part but some ums games you may never be good at.Campaign editor is the final mode in the game. I've never realy explored it too much because I never wanted to make a bad game and then people tell me its a bad game lol. In campaign editor you basically make your own ums game. Its fun to a certain degree but I personally never got into it.All in all starcraft is a fine release by blizzard. A classic game of its time that even today has thousands and thousands of players on them game at a time. Hope you go and buy it cause it's really cheap now and it's good!!!
... titles in real-time strategy games.Starcraft didn't really set a new standard when it was release for graphics, engine and gameplay. However, as people played it they realized how perfect this rts title really was. Easy to learn, difficult to master. It retains its flavor and fun even after all these years and so many other titles that came out after it.A great sci-fi rts game that should be in the collection of any fan of the genre. Don't miss out and make sure you also pick up the expansion back: Brood War.
This is a good RTS although it comes in 2nd to Age of EmpiresII. The races in this game are a lot more fun that those of age of empires. Also their isnt as much resource starvation as in AOE. Starcraft is also more fast paced and I think overall is a better multiplayer game due to battle.net's easy play and go layout. Overall, this is the best real time strategy you are going to get for its $20 price on amazon.com PICK IT UP!
Okay im not much of a strategy fan, i have played them all the big hits and the only one any good is the command and conquer series i didn't even bother trying this game in 1998 (I didn't like warcraft 1 or 2).In 2002 a friend showed it to me and i played it with him(he had a lan in his house and i have one now too) and i tell you, it is different then any RTS i have ever played i mean i got so into it i stayed up till 2:00 in the morning playing it with him. I bought it the day after(hey it only cost 10.00$s at most places). Whoever said that is had a bad story on the single player is WRONG. It is the most gripping story on a RTS EVER, I promise, it is a story of betrayel, your allies might not be what they seem to be and it has main characters that you have to protect during most missions.It is not just a war between 3 factions. BUY IT , NOW GO ill be waiting for you on battle.net.
I love this game. I play it a lot still in 2013. Also getting the expansion makes it more enjoyable.
Starcraft is definitley the most addictive, simple and fun games you can buy, as well as the best value. The storyline is classic and the gameplay is simple yet engrossing. Get tired of the main game?The BEST part about SC is that it allows other "scenarios", which are essentially EXTRA FREE GAMES, to be made or DLed quickly and safely over multiplayer. In addition to Blizzard's versions, hundreds of fanmade games are available all over multiplayer, enabling for an excellent experience. From "SCV Football" to "capture the flag" to "Diplomacy", you'll find tons of fun things to play. SC is still updated and patched by Blizzard after *eight* years, which shows something great.You won't be dissappointed.
I bought StarCraft about three years ago and it's still my favorite multiplayer strategy game! This is the best strategy game I think that is available now. You can chose from 3 different unique races and this game has an amazing storyline. For double the ammount of fun you can play on Battle.Net (free multiplayer service). Battle.net is what keeps this game going because you can play any game you like including paintball to deathmatches. This game is so amazing it even comes with a campaign editor so you can create your own games and play it with other people! I just wanted to say that I gave this game 5 stars because of it's amazing graphics, unique strategy, free multiplayer service, and a campaign editor. StarCraft is still my favortie game even after 3 years! I say buy this game!
The story is incredible.The sound is good.Funfactor is very good.All the 3 races is very diffrent from each other.Multiplayer is good 2.A must buy.
O.K. . The single player game is easy. You can beat that in an hour. But you get hooked. I played each level probably 1000 times before i finally started playing multiplayer. I played it so much my mom made me stop for a while. But does that stop me?! No way!! I still play it all the time.The only bad part of the game is the way hard to understand  campaign editor. Im an expert at the game and im barely a rookie at campaign editor. Everything is easy smeesy lemon peezy until you try triggers. But lets not talk about that. Lets just say its one of those games that you just remember. Its also HAS to be one of the best games ever created.
I've been a gamer for a long time, and I've played my share of strategy games. I still keep comming back to Starcraft for more. Three perfectly balanced and yet very different races battle it out. There's not too much micromanagement to kill you, but enough for you to feel a part of the race you're playing. I love to play the extra scenerios that they created for one time battles. You can modify them or even create your own from scratch. I just wish they had a random map maker. It would be easier then. You can, however, go online to Blizzard and download tons of scenerios that other gamers made. While the graphics aren't state of the art anymore they still are pretty nice. This game allows for both a strategic approach or the full rush type of battle. You have both land and air units and you harvest two types of materials (vespene gas & minerals) to build your structures and units. The campaigns are nice but after beating them twice I now just prefer to mix it up with the single scenerios. This is a must have of any strategy gamer who hasen't yet tried it. Brood War has some real nice upgrades that you will appreciate as well as the three new campaigns.
Starcraft: Brood War is twice as better than the origonal! Zerg Lurkers can tear up anything, while Devoureres devistate the air! The new dark Archon, that comes from the Dark Templar is sweet, and I love taking over the oppenents units. The Corsiar is fast and terrifying. The medic become prime targets, because they stop their units from dying, and the units keep killing mine. The graphics are sweet. The sound is awsome. The unit pathfinding isn't that good, like most games, but it's better than what it was. All in all, bargian at any price, and it deserves 10 stars. Buy it!
I've had this game ever since it came out, and it never gets old. I still play it more than most of my other games and on Bnet people are always making new maps on the included versitle map editor. This game is a classic. It never gets old. Looking forward to Warcraft 3 and hoping a Starcraft 2.
With its low requirements and amazingly quick pace Starcraft (and Bw) are IMO the best computer games ever. With Starcraft, you have three races of equal abilities and power but are completely different.Bw adds to the mix with 6 new units, (Valkyries, Medics [Terran], Devourer's and Lurker's [Zerg], as well as Dark Archon's and Corsair's [Protoss]). On top of that, the Protoss can now access Dark Templar's (though their stats aren't really worth the price and tech) and both Zerg and Terran have new upgrades. BW also includes three new tilesets and three new critters (YAY!)The races are still even, regardless of what you may have read in some other reviews. Also, all the new units are useful, IMO, except the Dark Archon and Templar (but I'm not a very avid Toss player). Medics make fields of marines and firebats that much more of an annoyance, whereas lurkers will cut infantry down in seconds. Corsairs are quick to fire and good against smaller groups (and their disruption web is awesome when playing a terran tanker), whereas the Valkyrie is amazing for, say tons of Mutas. And the devourers spores help slow down the enemy fire.With the new upgrades Guardians become less a threat than they previously were to Terrans, and Ultralisk's are muuuch more useful.The only thing that wasn't improved was the campaign. The story was close to the last, and you could tell who the traitor was and who would die etc. The cutscenes aren't even that great either. And by the end you're left with so few characters, that you find yourself not caring anymore, and wanting Kerrigan to destroy all of them. But the never tiring multiplayer saves the game. And even though there weren't too many new good 8player maps, we still have hunters!Other than that though, awesome game, and I sure can't wait until Blizzard releases news about Starcraft 2! (If they do:D).
The Brood war expansion pack is fantastic. You've only been playing half the game if your playing Starcraft without it. The story line continues from the original Starcraft with extra missions and new troop types. Unlike other game expansion packs Brood War actually feels like it should be part of the original rather than just being bolted onto it. If you love being Terran then buy Brood war just for the Medic, which heals (repairs) Marines and other troops. Medics are best used in pairs (so they can heal each other) Few opponents can stand up under the onslaught of two medics and a full group of marines, together they will do a lot of damage. If you love Protos buy Brood war for the Dark Templars who are not only permanently cloaked but can meld with another (Like Templars) to create Dark Archons who in turn have the MIND CONTROL ability to steal units from your opponent. Unfortunately if you're a Zerg player (like myself ;0), the Zerg don't do as well on the new troops. The Devourer is a new Air to Air attack flyer. It's a little expensive in both minerals and time (evolves from a Mutalisk) compared to its damage. The Lurker, which evolves from a Hydralisk is the only unit that can attack whilst burrowed. Since no unit can move while it is burrowed the Lurker becomes just a glorified sunken colony.  It's well worth buying this expansion pack.
here are the pros and cons of this:Pros:*Great graphics and sound*Awesome gameplay and a large variaty of fighters*Player vrs. comp or player vrs player in multiplayer*Many choose map settings, melle etc. games to choose from in multi*Good for learning stratiegic(sp?) skills*All around funCons:*A lil' too adictive.
Brood war brings new units, missions, storyline and lots more.If you enjoyed playing Starcraft, then you will enjoy Brood War.In fact, I think anyone that owns Starcraft should also own this expansion pack.
Brood War is a great addition to starcraft. It gives a couple new fairly equal units to each of the 3 races. I think it improves gameplay and strategy alot. As a protoss fan dark templars and corsairs are a must. I play on battle.net and brood war is just more fun than playing with just starcraft. For the price brood war is a great adition to starcraft(best online game).
The Original &quot;Starcraft&quot; was a fantastic game.  One of the top three best RTS games I have played.  It had great maps and scenerios and great units and species.  For those of you who are not familiar with the game, the original had too do with three species: The Terran(Humans) who have lived upon several planets in a solar system after there space ships crashed many years before stranding thousands of people.  The Prottos, a powerfull race form a planet &quot;Auir&quot; armed with powerfull physical weapons and devastating Phsycic weapons.  And Finally the Zerg.  A vicious race controlled by a center mastermind know as the &quot;Overmind&quot;, who travel across the universe incorpirating every worthy race into there species or destroying them.Now in the Expansion &quot;Brood War&quot;,  the overmind is dead and Kerrigan(an infested terran) has become ruler over most of the Zerg.Brood War has plenty of new stuff.  Three new Campaings.  Three new Terrain types(Ice world, Desert, Twilight world) and seven new units.  The New untis are the following.Zerg:Lurker.  The Hydralisk from the original can now evolve even further to become a &quot;Lurker&quot;.  These frightfull creatures burrow under the ground and attack by sending out long spiked tentacle out of the ground at any nearby enemy.  These are often best used in pairs or threes(or more).  Though the Sunken colony(Buildinf from original) does basicly the same thing, the Lurker is hidden from units who are not ditectors and can run away if the going gets rough.  Only problem is that it has no above ground defense.Devourer.  In the original the air unit &quot;Mutalisk&quot; could evolve further into a &quot;Guardian&quot;. These flying hulks could fire balls of acid and chemicals at untis on the ground and could do great damage in numbers.  The only problem was that they could not attack air units.  Not the Mutalisk can also evolve into the Devourer.  They fire clumps of acid spores at enemy air units.  These spores would upon inpact burst off some excess acid which would land on adjecant opponents.  They would stick too there targets and eventouly eat through the hull of the ships.  Ofcourse these airborne Juggernauts can't attack ground units.Terran:Medic.  In the original queens(and in this one) could infect enemy units with a parasite.  These parasites would allow that player(the zerg player) to see what the infected unit would see as if it was his own own unit.  Once the parasite was detected there was no way to remove it except by killing the infected unit.  Also attacks on terran unit would never heal.  Now with the medic, parasites, acid spores, stasic fields and other harmfull item can be removed from untis with Restoration and Units can be healed.  Medic can also blind detectors(units who can see ivisible/burrowed units) so as they can not see hidden units.  I reccomend that medics be sent out along with almost every group of soldiers.  They can be a big help.Valkarye.  These ships fire missle(alot of missles) at enemy air units.  One can be dangerous but a group of them can be devastating to enemy fleets.Protoss:Dark Templar:The Dark templar are indeed powerfull units.  They move swiftly and attack vicously and with extreme speed and on top of that they are permenately cloaked.  Though they don't have the spells that Templar have they are very powerfull units, however they can, like the templar, join together to become a Dark Archon.Dark Archon.These Swirling red look-alikes to the Archons do not have an acual attack but they do have powerfull spells like Mind-Link which converts enemy unit to your side(try converting a SCV so you can make terran units and building.), or Mealstrom which traps units in a temporary field or they can turn an enemys own energy agains them to destroy enemies instantly.Corsair:These new air units are fast is a valuble adition to the fleet.  Aswhell as being able to attack it can create a cloud which protects air units from attack from below.  This can be very valuble in air raids.Whell there you have it,  Star Craft expansion Brood War.  If you have the original than you should buy this.  If your new to starcraft than buy both(or but the battle chest).  You were be dissapointed.  Did you find this review help full.  If so please vote.
When you play starcraft, you step into a whole new realm of reality. it isn't anything like warcraft, it is twice as good. the goal of htis game is basically to knock out the computer opponent. There are 3 races to choose from: Terran (Human), protoss (high-teck alien), and zerg (primitave alien). All 3 are unique in their own way, with the terran, you can get tanks that destroy anything the can find, it is  great. There is also the multiplayer option which allows you to play on a LAN, or you can play on battle.net, which is a lot of fun. Buy starcraft, you should buy it even if its $.... The game is worth every penny and you are guarnteed to have fun.
this game is sweet because you can choose from three different story modes, terran, zerg and protoss. and also what is cool about this game is that it is an expansion pack. i dont know/get haow to play mutiplayer on this game but everyone else pry does. you can also make your own place. if only they made one of these for GC,PS2,or XBOX. if you know how to play warcraft you know how to play this game. all the people are different in this game and which fate will you choose?
Starcraft is/was definately a ground breaker. Even now (late 1999) it is still in the 10 ten games. This package contains the original and expansion pack. You also get the strategy guides in the box. I find this a really  good value. And contrary to all criticism received, this isn't just  warcraft in space, its completely unique.  This is just a great deal, very  good value!
StarCraft???Also known as hours of fun.It has a cool name. One of the first strategy game. Battle.net to play agasint other people. Protoss, tERREN, zerg.Do yuo have this game?You should__  __|\  /|  |  | |  \ |  \  \ /| \  / |  |  | |  | |  |  ||  \/  |  |___| |__/ |__/  |.
Starcraft is an old game for the computer.  but even tho, it is still a very good game.  u play as three different civilizations; Terran, humans.  Protoss, advanced aliens that rely on technology heavily.  and Zerg, aliens that are completly biological and use absolutly no robots at all.  u play in the campaign mode and go along with the story, which is not bad by the way.  however, it gets really hard in the last mission of the regular starcraft, where u have to destroy the overmind of the zerg.  then in brood war, the expansion set, the last mission is almost impossible.  the first time to beat it took me about 7 hours on that mission alone.  starcraft is a really hard game and involves deep strategic thinking in order to win.  overall, it is a great game.
I remember playing this game years ago when I was 10 years old and having the hardest time in the world beating the first 5 single player missions. I finally gave up and started using cheats like "power overwhelming" to blaze through the missions. The last few protoss missions in the original I proclaimed "impossible" without cheats because none of my ten year old friends at the time could beat it as well. However I still found the game addicting and played for hours with my friends via connected modems.Now 11 years later, starcraft 2 is coming out so I decided it was time to build a whole new i7 computer to replace my 5 year old Pentium 4 rig. I also picked this game up to try and beat it again without cheats but also to refresh my memory of the story. Amazingly however I somehow have become good enough that I managed to complete the whole game. Honestly it felt like a real accomplishment and I was very happy about it despite knowing in the back of my head the ridiculousness of my happiness.The gameplay of course has aged quite a bit, it isn't as tactical as recent RTS games like Empire Total War. But I cannot deny how much fun the simple mechanics are. I found myself playing for hours on end, skipping entire meals like dinner on weekdays or lunch on Sundays. It is also a game that I found myself constantly thinking about even at work which to me is the mark of a classic. There are few things in video games as satisfying using psionic storm on group of mutalisks or the sound of a siege tank blasting incoming zerglings.The way the story is told is "cute" with transmissions from the main characters and a few cg scenes. It is cute because back in the day the starcraft narrative and delivery of that narrative was nothing short of groundbreaking, of course now it seems crude and simplistic. For me however nostalgia overcomes those problems.In the end starcraft battlechest at 19 dollars is a great value with over 60 hours of gameplay for singleplayer alone. I only played through the single player because I was scared of getting absolutely and completely owned on battle.net which was my experience when I was 10 (my opponent would laugh uncontrollably at the sight of my meager base and units)If you played and liked starcraft before then this package is essential for your collection and will refresh your understanding of the incredible story in time for sc2. If you like rts games already then you should try this game out it is incredibly fun and can actually be very deep strategically if you chose it to be. People who's first video game experiences were fps games on their xbox 360 might not enjoy it, still it never hurts to try new things.my life for auir!
I'm reviewing this game on behalf of my husband.  I've played it and while I have enjoyed it, I'm not nearly as die-hard about it as he is.  I'll take Diablo II, thank you very much.In our house, we have a thing called computer night about once a month.  On a Friday night, my husband, father-in-law, and 2 other males from church get together and hook up all their computers to a lan.  This is the game that they spend hours playing.  It usually starts at around 7 or 8, and the house is not returned to it's normal state until roughly 4am.It usually begins with a lot of talking smack about who's gonna win, and who lost the last time and what race they are going to be.  Oh, and let's not forget about who is on what team.  (2 vs 2, of course)After about a 2 hour battle, and the winning team is crowned, they get up from their machines and have a briefing.  This is my favorite part to watch due to sheer fascination.  The begin by explaining to each other how they saw the battle progressing, what things worked for them and what didn't, and then how they are might try to avoid the same obstacles the next game.Then, they return to their computers, the smack talking resumes, and it all begins again.  It's just hilarious.  And let me tell you, they get rowdy.  Especially while they play with headphones on since it's late and they don't want to infringe on the other players.If this is any indication of the fun that they have while playing this game, it's only because the game is that good.
So your considering buying Starcraft, aye? Well if you have not heard of this game all I have to say is you poor deprived human being. Any gamer on the face of the Earth knows about this game and what it did to change the way they think about playing games on a computer game. Yes, I have heard it all the people who rally themselves against games such as this. Saying that you do nothing but Build, Build, Build, Build really Fast. Then Fight, Fight, Fight, Kill, Kill, Kill. Well, If you excuse my impertinence, your wrong. This game teaches you how to adapt to the three different species. Zerg, Terran and Protoss. It is like the ultimate in adaptive combat. I have never come up with fighting tactics in any other game, (Except One), Faster than in this game. It is made by blizzard those good people who made Warcraft and Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness. So find this game. Buy it and enjoy it for the love of all that is good and pure. Enjoy this game. It should be a definite buy and must have and no gamers collection would ever truly be complete without it.
I played this game when it first came out, but never owned it and never played the expansion pack. Man was I missing out. For the price this was selling at this is the ultimate deal. Not only do you get the game and the expansion, but you get detailed strategy books for both games.The graphics are still pretty solid after all these years and the music and sound affects are awesome (Hey. This is Blizzard. What did I expect?). The story is very intriguing and quite surprising at the end. Very well put together. And each unit for each race is different as are the buildings. With most RTS games, each faction has different units, but they are usually only different in design and name. They do the same thing the other factions units do. But in Starcraft, you really need to know what units do to succeed. For the Zerg, they have Hydralisks that when seperate are pretty weak, but when you group them up and have them attack one target at a time, they are very strong and a group of 10 or 12 can wipe out an army or buildings very quickly. Very unique units and buildings.As with every Blizzard game, the story is excellent with you controlling all 3 races over 30 missions. The eaxpansion pack also lets you play all 3 races over another24 missions for a total of 54 missions! Not too bad for any game and the expansion is clearly one of the best there ever has been. The cutscenes add to the story and a pretty good graphically and great musically. A total joy to play. The only downside to the game is playing against another live person. I played this game against a friend of mine at least 12 times and we had 11 ties and I won once. The crystals and Vespene gas run out before a winner could be decided. Other than that, this is an awesome game, even today and with this package deal this is an excellent buy. Happy gaming.
I've been a gamer for a long time, and I've played my share of strategy games. I still keep comming back to Starcraft for more. Three perfectly balanced and yet very different races battle it out. There's not too much micromanagement to kill you, but enough for you to feel a part of the race you're playing. I love to play the extra scenerios that they created for one time battles. You can modify them or even create your own from scratch. I just wish they had a random map maker. It would be easier then. You can, however, go online to Blizzard and download tons of scenerios that other gamers made. While the graphics aren't state of the art anymore they still are pretty nice. This game allows for both a strategic approach or the full rush type of battle. You have both land and air units and you harvest two types of materials (vespene gas & minerals) to build your structures and units. The campaigns are nice but after beating them twice I now just prefer to mix it up with the single scenerios. This is a must have of any strategy gamer who hasen't yet tried it. Have fun!!!
This game is a classic. It got me through middle school. However at this date and time I would recommend just preorderingStarcraft II: Wings of Liberty. :)Blue skies,Billy.
There is no doubt in my mind that STARCRAFT was Blizzard's finest game to date. There are some that would say DIABLO 2, but in my humble opinion, DIABLO 2 just didn't have the replay value of STARCRAFT.If you don't already know, STARCRAFT is a RTS game that features three different races, the Terrans, the Zerg, and the Protoss. Each has very different strategies that can be used to defeat the other. I personally prefer the Terrans. The Terrans are the most fun to play, but I believe the Terrans are also the toughest and maybe the most rewarding to play. The Protoss are hard to play also. I don't like to play the Zerg, because they are too easy to play and it is too easy to win a multiplayer game with.All in all, get the BATTLECHEST. It comes with both strategy books, which is nice in case you get stuck on any of the missions.As for multiplayer, STARCRAFT is really great if you have a few family members who play also! What I mean to say is, is that if your computer is part of a LAN, like mine is, you'll experiance STARCRAFT multiplayer lag free, like it was meant to be played. Why play on Battle.Net's sub-par servers? Enjoy!
I have bought this game before and returned it, both times I paid $9.99 for the game while they were on sale. Make no mistake, this game and Warcraft III are the best strategy games that I have played. Command and Conquer General just seemed cliche. Who doesn't want to have a variety of characters to play with. First time I rated this game as a one star because I couldn't play on my mac. However, Mac probably updated the compatibility. I am using Snow Leopard Mac OS X 10.6.3 as of today. Even playing without volume on my Windows would be a good idea too.
I had this game back in 1998. I played it so much that my dad broke the CD along with Warcraft 2 telling me that I can't play any games from now on. So I recently bought Starcraft Battle Chest Secretly (my dad doesn't know that I have this game) again. This game is so good because the system requirements are so low that I can turn off the game without turning off the whole computer. My dad leaves on the PC the whole time so I have to leave it on all the time. If I turn off the whole computer, he might suspect that I have been playing a computer game. I always play when he goes to some place until I hear a keychain or a footstep. I probably disconnect off the game more than any other players on the planet. This is not about the game but I just wanted to share it with you (every game that I own, my dad doesn't know that I have). Now, I'm going to talk about the game. The requirements are no problem unless you haven't bought a new computer since 1998. The gameplay is great and the graphics and sounds are good. The best part of all is the Battle.net. You can play 7 vs 1 comp stomp when you are in a hurry and play 4 vs 4 experts only when you have nothing to do. It is very addictive to play with others online and it it keep you entertained for hours everyday. If you want wins, play lots of comp stomp but it will not raise your skill as much as in expert games. I assure you that this game will keep you entertained. This is one my favorite RTS of all time and I highly recommend this game just as much as I recommen Warcraft 2 and 3.
I LOVE THES GAMES ITS THE BEST OF THE STAR CRAFT COLLECTION YOU HAVE GOT  TO BUY THIS GAME IF ITS GOING TO BE A GAME GET THE ONE FORSURE ITS THE BEST STAR CRAFT GAMES IF YOU GO TO THE STARCRAFT WEB SITE ITS MORE EXPENSIVE AND IF YOU GET IT SEPERATELY MORE MONEY YOU WILL HAVE TO PAY WILL THINKS.
When Starcraft came out there was no game like it, and still today there is no game like it. It is a lot of fun. I just wish they would do an HD remake of the 2D graphics. As the title states, this is my favorite game of all time.Why?1) Story is amazing. The campaign is challenging and fun. Also dark and rewarding.2) Units in all races are different and fun. Each race has cool strategies that are different than the others.3) Great online for the time. It's old now, but back when it came out it was awesome.4) Endless fun from online maps.Buy.
You will come to understand that video games are an artform when you start playing Starcraft.  First, you'll find a story which masterfully weaves between 3 different races in grand, interstellar conflict, with a cast of hundreds.  This story comes to you in movies, in briefings, and in the game itself, such that you actually play the story, and react against it (or drive it forward).  I've played this game from start to finish 4 times now, just to relive the amazing tale.But Starcraft is a strategy game, and its strategy is so deep you could spend years exploring it (and people -have- been playing this game for years!)  The three different races play in different styles.  The Zerg &quot;grow&quot; their bases and attack in overwhelming numbers, winning thru overkill. The noble Protoss conjure their buildings out of thin air, and their armies are often small, very tough, and invisible.  The Terrans are the happy medium, with a little bit of everything.Also of note are the wonderful graphics (still potent after 3-4 years), and of course, that biting Blizzard humor, which shows itself in the peculiar comments that your soldiers make.  There is so much polish and shine on this game, it's no wonder it was a best seller for years and years.This package includes the orginal game Starcraft and its rather weak expansion pack, Brood War.  All the lavish praise I gave above was for Starcraft, but if you want to save some money, you can probably do without Brood War, as it only includes about 6 new units, which hardly changes the way the game plays.  Get it if you starve for the extra story that it provides.
You can afford this!!This is the best game there is when it comes to action/strategy. There simply isn't an alternative. Red Alert 2 is pretty close to this one, but it isn't as balanced for multiplayer gaming. Blizzard (the creator) used a very long time creating this game, trying to make it work to the fullest. Did they achiece their goal? Yes, they did. Buy it to yourself, or somebody you love. Mark my words, you will not regret it.Great soundtrack, different for all racesThe sound effects in the game are great, and are best on huge stereos! Wake your neighbours, and scare their dog with a Zerg roaring!Play as the overwhelming Zerg, powerful Humans, or cunning ProtossGet swallowed by a great storyIf you are tired of the game itself, try out the mission creator: Create missions for your friends with you giving the mission briefing!Have lots of  coke ready, because you are going to be sitting on that chair for a long timeWarning: May lead to anti-social behaviour.Brush your teeth after all the coke consumption.
is product is great. it came in on time and everything was exactly as described in the description. thanks again.
I bought this game about a year ago, and I still play it all the time.  It has provided thousands and thousands of hours of fun thanks to Blizzard's Battle.net, where users can create their own scenarios, which make the possibilities endless.  You get Starcraft, Starcraft Expansion, and strategy guides for both! This is a great deal and I would recommend it to any strategy game fan.
I own the new Warcraft III series from Blizzard, and other true 3D games like Emperor: Battle for Dune, from Westwood/EA games.  I say this because some of the older RTS games like Westwood's Command and Conquer series, Dune 2000, Blizzards own Warcraft II, and other games date badly.  You can see this in terms of the control problems, blocky graphics, clunky path finding, and (if you play online) nearly non-existent fan base.Starcraft and the expansion Broodwar, still generate a daily complement of 40000 players, online at any one time, playing in thousands of games. I'm sure the newest games like Warcraft III, and Diablo II is providing the lions share of overall traffic on Blizzards server farms.  Still, Starcraft is a game going on six years of relatively strong viability. The reasons why are simple.First, the game has nearly flawless control.  This is significant, since many computer users, only work with a mouse and keyboard. Second, as an RTS (real time strategy game), the game has been patched, to keep up a finely tuned balance between forces. Due to strong after purchase support, the smallest bugs, have been rooted out of the game in subsequent, game patches. Third, the game has &quot;mucho&quot; replayability! I've played single missions over, and over, just to try the different strategies. The diversity of units is done so well, that many strategies exist in multi-player as well. Fourth, due to the easy to work game editor, there are many different games, produced by the players.  Some are just battle, and others are detailed RPG style games, while still others, reinvent the term: &quot;All Out War&quot;.Blizzard has a different philosophy than most gaming companies. They continue to work on a game until they believe it is a first class product. They provide added value like a game editor that you can use to create better missions than the professional ones created in the game.  Not to mention, the server network Battle Net, that allows game owners with simple Internet connections to login, and play online with up to 8 players, for no additional charge!  Yes that's right Ultima and Everquest players, it's still totally free to play online!The last thing to consider is the original Starcraft, and its expansion set Broodwar, are an incredible bargain, at less than twenty bucks for both.  Add to that that, they throw in both of the expensive guide books, and game newbies can start playing for dirt.  Moreover, just between you, me, and the lamppost, deep down in some secret cavern, inside Blizzards game complex they are working on Starcraft II.  If you have the stamina, (or the cheat codes) to beat Warcraft III on its highest setting, and last mission, you get an extended ending sequence.  The extension, shows a brief detail of 3D Starcraft characters, in a short battle sequence.Blizzard has not announced this game officially, and refuses to confirm or deny they will produce it.  I believe this all has to do with, continued sales of Starcraft as it exists today.  A game with a strong following, and decent enough sales to give them time to create a 3D follow-up, that won't disappoint. Warcraft II had a lot of AI, and path finding problems that Starcraft does not have. Warcraft III was necessary to revive that series.  Starcraft does not have those problems, so the challenge will be to make a new game, that is much richer, and more interesting in its game play.  Until that time comes, you won't be disappointed playing the original.
This is still one of the best RTS games ever.  A must have for any video game junky when you just need some good old school fun.
I've been playing this game for 2 years single player/multiplayer(LAN as  well as BNet) and it still continues to thrill me the way it did when I  first ripped it out of its box. Buy this game. Trust me.
In my time, I've played a number of games, a big number, and some have been good, while some have been bad. And here's one of the good ones, the REALLY good ones. The best strategy game ever made, in fact, I'm convinced there will never be one better, not even Warcraft III.I couldn't really review this, really, read someone else's, I'm just another voice saying that it's good, nothing I say will change how people feel about this game. Buy it, no questions, even if you don't like games, go read all the other 5 star reviews, yes, all 213/213 of them, now go, get it.
Starcraft is the classical example of a real time strategy game. It's been around for ever - I've been playing Starcraft since 1998 - but even though the graphics are sad by today's standards, the game is awfully good.There are hundreds of good reviews on the Internet, and so rather than reiterating their collective points of view, I will say this to complement them:If you have never played this game, you need to play it, if only to understand what kept millions of gamers (and probably half the population of South Korea) sleep-deprived for years.I would go as far as to argue that Starcraft is primarily responsible for global warming - think of all the coal we burned to generate the energy required to power all those computers and CRT monitors and light bulbs (and the heat produced by them!) as a generation of gamers stayed up all night fighting invasions and plotting fiendish countermoves instead of reducing their electricity consumption by turning off their PCs and going to sleep.For those of you who haven't played for a while, the Battle Chest is a good way to relive the memories of those happy days of bygone years. It works on Win 7, but note that the mac version of the game is not compatible with OS X Lion (Lion dropped Rosetta which allowed programs from the PowerPC days to run on Intel-based macs).But then I don't remember many mac users in the 90s playing Starcraft. When me and my buddies were happily gaming on our PCs, they were usually doing productive, artsy things on their macs, which is probably why they now zip past me in their SL55 AMGs.
This has always been a great game i got a copy in early 1999... and loved it. the brood war expansion pack just adds to is worth... the fact that this futuristic RTS game is in a rather cheap bundle only improves a great game from a great company.
this game is so addicting, it should be called "starcrack".  this is not an endorsement for the illicit use of drugs.  i'm just saying it could be a problem.the learning curve is steep, but the tutorials are excellent.  even i was able to catch on.it's a complex strategy game.  i'm trying to figure out how to use the science vessel.  it isn't easy, and i'm hoping it isn't going to get stupid difficult.i've found that slowing down the game's time clock will give me more time to manage the campaigns.the installation froze, but surprisingly, i was able to call tech support and talk to a person.  i downloaded the installation program and had no issues.  you may have an issue with this if you have a slow connection, or if you don't have internet.another surprise was that this old old game is able to use my dual processor capability.  it is running smooth on my desktop under xp.  i can put my system to sleep and bring it out of standby without any issues.  it's great that blizzard has continually upgraded this software so that it has not become dated.it's a great game.  i wish God would give us ten more years that we already have to play games but unfortunately, this isn't happening.  judicial use of time is key to being able to enjoy this game.  it is very easy to miss a meeting and let the whole evening pass just because this game has mesmerized me.  be careful with that.
I bought the games seperate, but it was worth it. I love StarCraft. I love all the talking and the intros-meetings at the beginning of each mission. My other fave part is blowing up the bases. I love the walking around killing people thing, while my father likes the base building thing. I'm 13, and violence makes this game better. My father and I are strategy game addicts. We have them all: Both StarCrafts, Both Dark Reigns, A Bridge Too Far, Age Of Empires, Ceasar 3, Tiberian Sun (Command and Conquer) and probably more then that. I love these game, my fave side is the humans. My fave character was what's her name the lady who turns into a alien and takes over the Zerg.... Well buy this, cuz you get a guide too.
I got starcraft buy looking at it, thought it was interesting, and bought it. It's been one of my favorite games ever (a major rival is Perfect Dark).My favorite spiecies is the Zerg. I like their mass-production way of battle. The Terrans are human, and my second favorite. They have fairly-skilled units at a fair price. The Protoss are hard to use for me, mostly because I go overbord with production of their highly priced units. The battlefields are awsome, the missions intereseting and hard, and the game is very addictive. Were it not you would fall asleep, you could play non-stop (I had to eat). The game is a great bargian...
I was never big into RTS games, my friend let me borrow C&C, I thought it was interesting but it didn't really sell me. I bought this out of all the hype and after enjoying C&C, it blew my mine, this game is old in my book,but the textures and graphics still hold up. The box is a bit overkill, I just want the disc and the code I could care less about the strategy guide and free WoW passes.
StarCraft to Koreans, is Baseball to Americans. They have 4 television show dedicated to it. They showere their SC champions with moneys and fame. Those that deserve a shout are (slayers)boxer. Red nada. I luv_, etc, etc. Those who only remember the game from six years ago, when it was the fabulous fad, Are surprised to hear about its popularity today. It's Ginormous reputation and following laced over the world. People are bred for this game. People work at their game for years, eight hours a day. It's nothing like I've ever seen. I've never heard of a game so perfectly aged with time. It's followings build every year. Every year it's the dominant pick of the WCG. And every year it's the big news of the event. Blizzard is terrified to make another. They are terrified at the expectations of a sequel. It's engine cannot be changed, Cannot be supplemented, it is called as the perfect user interface. The speeds that the average pro gamer attain is fluid throughout and at unreal speeds: 400apm. A tribute and truth to the impossibly reliable compatibility with computers. It's as if the desktop computer was made for SC. Beware. -jeff.
Just gotta post some love.This game is the king of real time strategy games even still.Quick run down.  Three Races:1) Terran (future humans)2) Zerg (think the movie aliens)3) Protoss (technologicly advanced race with lots of psionic powers, though think of the movie Predator, can stealth use plasma cannons, they stronger, bigger etc.)The three races are locked in a struggle for various reasons as each race has multiple factions running amuck causing problems, you get to team up with key characters fromeach race to help further there goals through single player, then once your got the basics down, jump on [...] and wreck some player face and earn some rating.Also has a very good map editor so there is thousands of player made maps when you feel less competitive, these come in forms of rpg's and others, some of my favorites were recreation of older games like Smash TV.If your looking into played StarCraft 2 I'd recommend picking this up for a quick refresher as the2nd one will contain all the same races, though the units are a bit different or entirely new.
This game is without a doubt one of the best games ever made, and what a DEAL at 19.99 for the whole set! This game's single player is very enjoyable, and you'll also enjoy countless hours of free online play (provided you have a decent internet connection).Blizzard's free online gaming service is fantastic.  Simple and easy to use, and it has everything from competitive 1vs1ing as well as team games of sizes anywhere from 2vs2 to 4vs4, massive 8-way free for alls and more!  I really enjoy playing this online with my friends.If you like real time strategy games, this is a must have.  I'd also like to say that of all the games I've played so far by this company, I've never been disappointed.  They're all high quality in my opinion, and Starcraft is certainly no exception.
StarCraft is arguably one of the best Real Time Strategy games ever made. It combines amazing game play, in depth unit characteristics, an amazing story, and fun online play all into one outstanding game.In StarCraft there are three races, the noble protoss, the vicious zerg, and unstable terrans, which wage ware against each other in an epic struggle for survival. Each race has their own type of units which do not correspond to units from any of the other race and Each race has their own strengths and weakness.The game play of StarCraft is easy to understand and fun to play. It has a learning curve of about 30 minutes and offers quick aid for making game winning strategies. The game also offers jaw dropping cinematic sequences (in game cut scenes) and funny unit quotes which complement the games story that is full of twists and turns.StarCraft is the game that set the standard of Excellency for all RTS games that preceded it. It is a must own for all Strategy Game lovers or those who love playing War games.
Blizzard, probably the most succesful gaming company out right now, released a game called Star Craft.  The game features 3 races, Terran, Protoss, and Zerg, each with their own abilities and units.  The reason  this game is so FUN to play and to deal with is the complete differences  that each race has.  In War2 both races were pretty much a like, but in SC  &amp; BW, each race is so different that all the time, even for the last 3  years, strategies keep coming up all over the place.The story line is  very well made, could have been a novel or a movie if they had chosen to do  so.  The movies are, of course, the best.  Blizzard is well known for the  great quality and enjoyment of their entriguing cinematics.If you do  not already own this game, I incredibly suggest that you go buy it  immediately.
This game is phenominal to say the least.  It is very fun and was the first RTS game i've ever played once a friend introduced me to it.  It is so much fun to play and very addicting.  The only reason I sold it is because not many people play online, and the ones that do will take you out in a heartbeat and the single player missions go by pretty fast.  This game would be incredibly fun to play at a LAN Party but I never went to one yet.
I've been playing this game since 1998 when the original came out and i've always and still do love it and play it. Great campaign, great custom games, and great online play. Endless entertainment. I highly recommend this game, especially the battle chest because it gives you strategy guides to both the original and the expansion, as well as bonus catalogues and strategy pamphlets.
I thought that this game was really fun. I know that this is supposedly the best RTS game ever. Personally, I think that Age of Empires is a better game than Starcraft, but after AoE this is probably the best RTS game ever. I really love how challenging the campaigns are. I mean, I beat 'um, but they were hard.
You will never be able to play another real-time-strategy game again, I couldn't.  I have never played any other game as much or as long as I have played this one. Can't wait for part 2 later this year!
StarCraft Battle Chest by Blizzard Entertainment includes complete versions of StarCraft and  its expansion pack Brood War.  The box set also includes a strategy guide for both the original game and the expansion pack. I would say this is a great classic game but what it is is epic. Still as fun today as it was the day it was released. I play StarCraft II now yet still go back and play the original as there is an active online community via Battle.net.This real time strategy games has three races that though diverse are well balanced. Blizzard made sure the game was challenging and fast paced. Whether playing the single player campaign game or against live players you will have to pay attention or be over whelmed. It is a game you will not want to stop playing. Highly recommended.
Blizzard is one of those companies which toil away quietly only to release masterpiece after masterpiece. Real time strategy wasn't invented by Blizzard, instead they looked at what others had done and made  improvements, the end result was Warcraft, which was followed by the hugely  successful Starcraft in 1997, then the follow-up Brood War in 1998. They  have been assembled here in something called a Battlechest, which is  actually just a bigger box, but Battlechest sounds better. They also  include the strategy guides for both games, making it an excellent value  for the money given how routinely over priced strategy guides are.Starcraft gives the player command of 3 races: The Terrans, who are allied  in a sort of Confederacy and boils down to red necks in space; the Zerg, a  race of xenomorphs created by an ancient race known as the Xel-Naga. The  Zerg are the ultimate predator and hyper-evolutionary beings; finally we  have the Protoss, a race of psionic and technological masters, but were  also created by the Xel-Naga. Each race has 10 missions that the player  must complete, enabling them to `win' as each race while a larger story  unfolds.The Zerg are spreading across the galaxy trying to find the  next stage of their evolution, in this case it's the humans whom they plan  to absorb in order to gain psionics. The Protoss, aware of the Zerg  Overmind and his plans to infest the human colonies, dispatch one of the  greatest warrior templars-Tassadar, to deal with the threat. But when he  discovers that the humans have potential, he refuses to incinerate the  infested planets. The Terrans meanwhile are in the midst of the revolution  as Governor Mensk intends on becoming Emperor Mensk by leading a renegade  faction of humans known as the Sons Of Korhol. The game also introduces a  host of unforgettable characters like Tassadar, Fenix, James Raynor, and  Sarah Kerrigan.While graphics may begin to appear a little dated,  they are well detailed and colorful even though the game does not have any  3D support. What this also means is that they game will run on slower  machines like Pentium 90s. It has both Internet and Network support, and  both Starcraft and Broodwar include a native campaign editor that enables  creative players to design their own missions to share with friends. Both  the sound and the music are first rate, with one of the more enjoyable  aspects of the game being the different one-liners delivered by the  different characters and vehicles whenever you click on them multiple  times. Especially good are the standard Terran Marine, the Science Vessel,  and the Dropship.Game play, however, is second to none in the RTS  arena. All three of the races are exceptionally well balanced between each  other, though the humans are by far the most versatile and solid. The Zerg  regenerate damage and can be `built' quickly, but aren't as tough as the  humans so they make up for it in greater numbers. The Protoss are the  toughest of the three races, but their units also take the longest to build  and cannot be repaired if damaged. And one of the more fun aspects of  Broodwar is using Prostoss Dark Templars to mind control enemy units, such  as the Terran SCV or Zerg Gatherer, with it you can then build and control  all of the Terran or Zerg units as well.Starcraft delivers it all:  Terrific story, unsurpassed game play, great and often funny CG full motion  video, and replayability. No two missions are alike, and range from  capture, search and destroy, to all out warfare that will take hours to  complete. End missions are inhumanly tough, forcing the player to really  think about what units he should build and how he should use them. The game  rewards success with more missions, especially considering that between the  two, there are well over one hundred multi-player maps contained on the  disks as well. However, as with all internet multi-player games, beware of  dirty filthy stinking rotten cheaters.Straight up, this is the best  game within its class, outmatching even Command &amp; Conquer who really  created the genre in the first place. Starcraft's sense of humor, epic  story and scale, coupled with Blizzard's uncompromising production values  make for a truly memorable game, one that delivers hours of play in a well  thought out universe. This game is pure fun!
What's not to love about this game . . . great game at a great price a must if your into war games and we all love a good fight .
This game still sets the standard for RTS games.  It was ground breaking when it was released and remains one of the most current games being played.Apparantly this game is eaisly compatable with Vista, although I can not verify this myself.If your an RTS fan you have to pick up this game if you have never played it.
If, by chance, you're reading this and you've never played Starcraft before, just go ahead and skip reading this and buy it. You won't be disappointed.If you're thinking about buying it for someone else, go  ahead and buy it: I've given three Battle Chests as gifts and it was a hit  every time for both kids and adults, even to those who hadn't played this  kind of game before.The Battle Chest is definitely the way to go, as  you'll save money over buying it and Brood War separately and get the strat  guides for free (and, to be honest, I don't think the guides are worth  having unless you're completely clueless about how to beat the game, and  there is information in the strat guides that is blatantly wrong as  well).I've been playing RTS games since 1997, and in my opinion, this is  the best one ever made. No one has made one that's as fun, has as gripping  a storyline and artwork, or depth and replayability of gameplay. It's a  work of genius. I've had it for two years and I still play it at least a  couple of times a week. There's even one mission left that I haven't  managed to conquer without cheating, so the challenge is definitely  there.What you have to understand about Starcraft is that it's not meant  to be a cutting-edge feature-heavy supergame where you can customize the  behavior of your units and give them complex orders. It's meant to be more  of a strategy game like real-time chess, and in this it succeeds  brilliantly. It shares the quality of chess in that there are a limited  number of units with straightforward abilities, but there are an infinite  number of things and strategies that you can do with them. To this day  players are still inventing new strategies for these units and races.The  artificial intelligence and pathfinding of the game is the best I've ever  seen. No RTS game has perfect AI or pathfinding (units getting lost or  tangled up on each other or the terrain), but Starcraft's is by far better  than any others out there. The computer will flatten you time and again  unless you're playing competently.Multiplayer is a complete blast, and  more options are offered than any other RTS game. You can play team games  where you and your allies are actually controlling the same units against  the computer or others, in addition to a wide range of variations like  Capture the Flag, etc.Blizzard's Battle.net service is free and at any  time of day there are literally thousands of people playing. Internet play  is smooth. I've played friends both nationally and internationally with bad  connections and low-end computers, and it runs solidly even with the  additional traffic of voice chat like Roger Wilco over 56k!Blizzard's  continuing support for the game is also excellent. They release a new map  for the game every Friday like clockwork, so there are over a hundred new,  well-designed maps available for download and replay.In summary, just a  solid, solid, completely fun game. You can't possibly go wrong by picking  up a copy.
I'm a pretty big video game fan. I usually get the hit games kind of late because I won't pay full price for them, but Starcraft is worth every penny I've spent. This game is the most addictive game I've ever played. There are so many things that make this game great and there are really no serious knocks that can be thrown at it.The story line to Starcraft is pretty simple. You can pick from three different races Terran, Zerg, and Protoss. In the stroyline they all have different goals they want to achieve. The terrans are the humans in the game. They have there pros and cons. They have medium range units that are pretty cheap to build and are all around pretty effective. The Zerg are the buglike species. They have cheap and quick units. The protoss are the alien species of the group. They have expensive but very powerful units.Single player mode is pretty fun. The missions aren't really all that bad. The story is decent and I enjoyed playing it all the way through. The gem to this game is the multiplayer options.If you get this game you definetly want to get on the internet and play on Battlenet. Thats what makes the game so addictive. It's a great game, but it gets even better when you can sign on and play against millions of other players. You can also get a hold of crazy maps on battlenet which add new and fun life to the game. We have a 20 port hub at home and this is are favorite multiplayer game to play. Like the guy in the review before me said, you really need to watch the clock when you get on battlenet because you will lose track of time. I will get so into this game, I'll stop for food and the bathroom. The rest of the time you are so engrossed in this awesome game.This is one of the best games I've ever played. I have no real flaws with the game that are even worth bringing up. If you want a fun game to play then pick this one up and enjoy.
I remember 3 years ago when I stumbled onto the StarCraft Battle Chest at Electronics Boutique. I was so filled with joy that I found it for my Macintosh computer - I heard many good reviews of the game. Little did I know that it would ensnare my life...As soon as I got home, I opened the box and installed both Starcraft and Brood War. Never before and since have I found a Real Time Strategy game with the same combination of storyline and gaming feel (No not even Warcraft III). The single player storyline holds onto your attention as it seamlessly slips from one mission to the next... from one race to the next. The actual game play is awesome. The three races are diverse and balanced very well. No units stick out as being undefeatable. Each race allows for many options in battle strategies.But two things make this game playable for years - Battle.net and the editor. I remember when I was in 11th grade and talked all my friends into buying Starcraft. We would come home after school and play from 4 until 10 or 11.  In the end, we would just call each other and say "Craft?" and the other person would answer either "yes" or "no" and then we would proceed to play if "yes" was said. Then as the creative juices start to flow, the editor is available to create entire campaigns, or just one map. It adds to the longetivity of this game.Indeed, Starcraft is a great game! From story line to playability, this game has it all. I totally suggest it to anyone who wants a game that will provide you with hours and hours of gameplay.
Starcraft is awsome. And addicting. And this game is definitly old school sytle. Lots of fun.
The battle chest is a great way to get both Starcraft and it's expansion BroodWar, together the make one of the best combat / strategy games. If you don't own Starcraft buy the battle chest and get all the extras. They will help you enjoy the game fully.  If you already own Starcraft unless you really want the two strategy guides just buy the expansion pack Broodwar instead. Starcraft really needs to be played with the expansion; it adds more depth to both the game and tactics with new missions and new units. The basic game play is pretty easy to pick up and if you play the single player missions in order you'll quickly learn the strengths and weaknesses of each troop type. Then the fun really begins when you battle against real opponents across the Internet. After you have played the single player missions you'll have your favorite race either Terran, Protos or Zerg. You'll come up with your own tactics on how to deal with your opponents There is a huge on-line community out there defending the `Honor' of each respective race. Buy the game and come play.  This game came out back in 1998 and it is still being played now.  Few games can say they have that lasting appeal. The battle Chest is 100% value for money.
Yep, as the title goes, the game is like drugs to kids and teenagers. Just like to warn parents and potential buyers.I've played it the second year after it came out, stopped, and went back. Clan leader of 4 clans and second rated general to the leader of 12 clans, so I'm pretty sure I know this game quite a bit. Oh yeah, I would say the rating is 4.5 not 5 as there are flaws even though insignificant.Even though the graphics aren't super, it is still great and I wouldn't want to change it, maybe just add a little more detail to each craft and individual.The game play is very nice. I suggest practice in single player for a short period, say a week an hour a day. Than you MUST, I emphasise on must, start playing it online with other player, this is what makes the game worth while. Playing by yourself with cheats can be fun but also very boring later on. This is what makes the game great. I suggest getting $29.95 or so broadband DSL, why? If you have 56K internet, you will usually lag, shown by the red bars next to your SN(screen name). If you lag in a game, the creator will very likely boot/ban you. This is where you'll get stuck playing by yourself again. Please take note, having 56K doesn't necessarily mean you'll lag so chear up. It just means you'll lag more of the time than those with fast DSL/Cable internet. Having super fast internet also doesn't mean you'll never lag, but you'll lag rarely, depends on server. Multiplayer player is great because you can fight other players, fight with a friend or by yourself against computers, or have a third whole new option, which makes this game excellent, called, uh oh I forgot, haven't played in 2 years. UMS, used map setting? This is where you can play maps made by ordinary people just like you to play. They can be totally different from the Melee counterpart. RPG and such. So when you're bored of melee go to UMS and vice versa. There are many options but you find out for yourself, I'm not your mom!The type of class you can get is nice as well. Terran, protoss, and zerg.Terran=Great defense, medium build time, requires more strategy than usual to play. As you'll usually see, terrans are used regularly in melee 1v1s. Tanks, flying buildings, vultures with mines, and Battlecruisers are some of the strategies you'll see used against you.Zerg=Fast build, between mixes of defense and offense. You must use the swarm to your advantage.Protoss=Best in offense. Slowest building time, more powerful men however.There are many other details into it but I won't spoil it for the new peoples to it.Please remember, limit yourself to this game. Its very, very time consuming. Its the kind of game where you start playing at 1:00 and the next minute you look at the clock, 3:00?? An hour or two on a free day. Take my word, don't waste your life too much with this game.
I don't need to say how great of a game Starcraft is, you know it is.But, if you have Windows 7 be careful with this purchase.  Windows 7, since the task bar can only be removed through disabling explorer, screws up the colors.You may want to invest in the power needed to play Starcraft 2 if you're using 7.
Ok, listen up. This is one of the best games ever made. There are 3 races, Terran (human), Protoss (advanced alien), Zerg (sacrifical alien).  You choose your race and battle in an area where you will find crystals and gas.  You must build up your army and FIGHT TO THE DEATH!!! It has great online play, the best of the best. If you like this game, I suggest you try WarCraft!
What a great game. I&#8217;ve owned StarCraft since the 1st one and got this for a new computer so I could have all 3. Love them all! All 3 are a ton of fun to play no matter what. This game will NEVER get old.
Now that Blizzard has announced that it is developing Starcraft 2, this is a great time to go back and pick up this classic real-time strategy game.  It's pretty much accepted amongst serious RTS enthusiasts that Starcraft is the gold standard of the genre.  As many other reviewers have mentioned, this game is polished, incredibly well balanced, and a lot of fun to play.  Both the single-player and multi-player features are enjoyable (pretty amazing that you can still get games on battle.net, considering that this is product is ten years old), and Blizzard still provides patch support for the game.  The included strategy guides are rather small, unfortunately, and are difficult to read, but they aren't particularly good anyway, so it's no big loss to not read them.What makes this game so great?  This game doesn't have the flashy graphics of modern games, but that's not an issue, since the units are distinctive and possess clean, crisp animations.  The unit count for each faction is less than most RTSes - but every unit (this is no exaggeration) has a distinctive role at every phase of the game.  No unit is obsolete in the end-game, not even the lowly zergling.  As a result, this game makes you seriously think about what kind of army you want to field and how you use it in combat.  The mix between battle tactics (micro), base management (macro), and strategy is unlike that in any other game.Incidentally, this game is still incredibly popular in South Korea, with the top professional players earning hundreds of thousands of dollars per year.  It is primarily due to the enthusiasm of the Koreans that this game has had its amazing longevity.  Not only has their support kept this game on the international gaming stage, but has allowed professional players to develop new and innovative strategies.  As a result, it's impossible to ever master this game.  There's always something to improve on, and better players to compete with - which are both marks of a truly great game.  Even though casual players will never directly interact with the top professional players, the pros keep the game fresh and exciting for everyone.This really is a great time to buy Starcraft - the price is reasonable, there are still many people who play this game, and the community has been revitalized by the announcement of Starcraft 2.  Long story short, if you don't own Starcraft, and have even a passing interest in strategy games, you owe it to yourself to buy this product.
This is a great deal. Both stratagy guids,lots of new maps, lots of operating platforms, and low requirements make this a great deal. This is my all time favorite game. it is fun both with and without the internet, and is verry replayable. I garrente that you will lose sleep because this game is so good. So buy it~good playing. You will not be dissapointed when you buy it. :-).
I have played hundreds of video games in my life, and I have to admit, they don't come much better than this game right here.  In just about every way, this game gets 5 stars.  Graphics, gameplay, story, multiplayer, special features, etc...Here's what I thought of Star Craft/Star Craft Brood War, part of the BattleChest collection for the PC.1) Gameplay: Perhaps the best I have EVER played.  In this world of the future, humans (Terran) have changed, and become one large army: the Confederacy.  They are able to explore space, have an incredible array of weapons, and have explored much of the universe.  But on these trips to different planets and such, they discover they are not alone in this universe.  2 other dominant races exist out in space, and both of them threaten the Terran world as we know it.  It's time for war, and thats where the game begins.The story has 30 missions in all, and lets you control each race (3: Zerg, Terran, and Protoss) for 8-12 mission per race.  Each race has strengths, weaknesses, etc...  And dozens of things to build.  But first, before u can build anything, u have to mine minerals and gas.  To do this, u must build Probes/SCV's/Drones.  At the beginning of missions, u will get a Nexus(Command Center/Hatchery) (basicly what holds your minerals and gas and makes new gatherers).  With the Nexus(Command Center/Hatchery), u make Probes (SCV's/Drones) to gather minerals and gas.  Once u have enough minerals and gas, u can build more complex structures.  Soldiers, Air Units, Anti-Aircraft guns, etc...  As the game goes on, u r faced with how to use your minerals/gas, etc...  With your soldiers and air units, u carry out missions.  For example, destroying a base, or defending a leader, surviving for 30 minutes, etc....  The thing about Star Craft is, you need to out think your opponant.  If the person has anti-aircraft guns and more soldiers than you, you need to get them into a Drop Ship, and perhaps go to the side of their base, drop them off, and proceed.  There are so many ways of doing things, and so many things to build, the game really is EXTREMELY fun, and you can find new ways to do things every time.  The more you play, the more you will enjoy it.  It truly is a never-ending game.  And once you beat the game, it's time to take your talent online.  Get to that later...2) Graphics: EXCELLENT!  I have never seen such excellent graphics for this type of game.  Everything fits perfectly.  There is blood after a soldier is killed, explosions are very dramatic, u can see the sparks as minerals are mined up by cutting SCV's.  When hurt, Zerg buildings bleed, etc (don't get the idea this is gory, its really not, just little red sparks on the screen when something is injured or killed)...  Everything casts a shadow, things can turn invisible, etc...  It's excellent!  The world's you play in our top notch as well.  Shadows, mountains, trees, animals wandering around, etc....  It truly works well for this type of game.  Graphics are top notch here (especially for when it was made).3) Multiplayer: The main reason this game stands out.  It is absolutely incredible!  You can play against the computer, system link, and of course, go ONLINE.  When you play online, your record is kept, so you can try to earn some respect out there!  There are clans, literally THOUSANDS of StarCraft players waiting to play 24-7.  And it really is neat to see some of the strategies people have made, the beauty and creativity of a well constructed base, etc...  You can play with your friends as "allies", Melee, Capture the Flag, etc...  The possibilities are endless!  Some people master either the Protoss, Zerg, or Terran, while others use a different race every time.  Each one has strengths and weaknesses, and things you might be able to do better with them then you could with other races.  It really is great, and for the price, I don't think you can find better online entertainment, as Battle-Net is FREE, and the SC BattleChest is just 20 bucks.4) Lasting Appeal: Proof that this game IS incredible, and one of the top 10 games of all time?  It literally was made 5 years ago, and still has 30,000+ people playing online at any given moment.  It is still a Best-Seller, and is just a classic in the world of RTS (Real Time Strategy), and just Video Games period.  I bought this game 4 months ago, and literally play it for hours every day.Overall, this is a great game.  Online, the INCREDIBLE story (very creative and well put together), the races, the graphics, the price($$$), etc...  If you have a PC and are low on $$$, and are looking for not a good, but a GREAT game that will last you for many years (for all ages 9+), StarCraft is for you!*Note though, if going online, I'd recommend having a Cable or DSL modem.  56K is good, but High Speed internet is just so much better in my opinion!  ...
Spectacular game. Just a killer waiting for the second. But a must have for all gamers.
If you have not purchased the original version, you're in luck because you can now get all of the spectacular add-ons for the same price as the original game.  One of the best computer games I have ever played.  If you  like Warcraft or Age of Empires, you'll love Starcraft.  The aspect that  surprised me the most in this game were the scenario and video segments in  between levels.  Some of the best computer animated film I've ever seen.  Definitely worth the price considering how long the game remains fun,  original and challenging.
There are two things that make this game a living classic that will never die:1.  The community, "There's a map for that":The online community has seriously made at least 50,000 completely unique maps.Want a balanced "regular" map for competitions?Want an imbalanced, infinite resource crazy fun map?Want a tower defense map?  Want 10,000 different variations of tower defense?There are even entire UMS maps that have evolved into competitive universes of play.  Hydra zones, Income D, path D, desert strike to name a few.  Just like the real game of Starcraft, they've been balanced out over the years and are are own GAMES in their own right.And you can get every one of those maps for FREE!!!  Just connect to a game hosting the map and it sends it to you for nothing!2.  PatchesBlizzard is STILL patching this game every once in a while.  Starcraft is the most balanced RTS, ever, PERIOD.  It's the most played video game in tournaments, and is a religion in south korea.Even if you don't care about competitive play, patches solved hacks.There was a famous hack that allowed zerg players to get infinite minerals that went on for years.  Blizzard finally patched it out even after just about everyone in the community was convinced it had went under the radar.  There have also been a TON of other hacks that have been patched out.Seriously, stop reading and buy.
Starcraft is one of my favorite games of all time.  If you have ever played Warcraft or Diablo, you will love this.  Even if you haven't, you'll still sit at the computer for hours playing Starcraft.  Now, it's so cheap you MUST get it!  This Battle Chest comes with the orriginal game, the expansion pack,  and Prima's strategy guides for both!  This is an awesome and challenging single player experience, and an even better multiplayer game.  I'll tell you some of the background and why you have to buy this game.First, the single player is great and hard.  There are three races in this game:  The Terran (humans), the Zerg (mutated alien things), and the Protoss (high tech aliens).  You start out playing as the Terrans, then the Zerg, then Protoss.  In the expansion pack you first play as Protoss, then Terran, then Zerg.  The single player is a long experience, and when you don't want a mission, you can just play a skirmish game against the computer.  Then, you can play online (no fee required) on Battlenet.  This is where Starcraft really shines.  It's great playing with 7 other unpredictable humans.  You can just play a normal game, or you can play fun games that have ironic twists.  Getting online is easy and free.Now, it's really cheap, and you have to buy it.  Now!
As I always say, you aren't considered a true gamer until you've tried Starcraft, HL1, and Doom. This game, a decade after release, is still being played by millions of people. The community is still triving and there are still tournements.Buy it. It'll be $20 that go a very, VERY long way.
It's a classic. Not much else to say. I had, of course, played Star Craft before, but my CD was long lost. It was nice to get this for nostalgia's sake.
Whether you enjoy playing solo or going against other human beings online, Starcraft is one of the finest games you will ever find for either type of gameplay.There are three races: the Terrans (or Earthlings), who look human and have human technology (such as infantry, tanks, land mines, nuclear missiles, fighter planes, etc), the Zerg, who resemble the creatures from the "Alien" movies (their technology is all biological. It is "grown" from seed-like workers. All of their buildings regenerate health. They are able to create huge armies of creatures with little resources) and the protoss (an extremely advanced alien race, which uses force fields and psychic energy to power up their units).The game teaches you to manage resources, how to overcome obstacles and how to build a military base in such a way that it is both practical and defensible. Do any of these things incorrectly and your forces will be overrun. You will also need to learn how to deal with tight situations, such as when enemy infantry are suddenly dropped in the back corner of your base where you have few defenses. You have to deal with threats like this quickly before they tear your base apart.The online play is fantastic. You can have up to 8 players battling it out, in huge 4vs4 matches, everyone vs everyone or you can have say 3 human players vs 5 computer opponents (or any combination).I must have played over 2000 games online, and have become skilled in the use of all three races. I must say, however, that I still come across several players whos skill dwarfs my own. It's always challenging to play online, because there are so many skillful players.If you're just browsing for a new game to check out, this one will not disappoint you. If anything, this is one which will addict you and draw you in for hundreds and perhaps thousands of hours.
Blizzard Entertainment are one of the best that ever did it...Diablo, Warcraft, Starcraft...many of which have earned game of the year status. They are all great!
BEST RTS GAME EVER PLAY, FAST MOVEMENT MAKE EVERY THING GOOD, NOT LIKE OTHER STRAGITY GAME THIS ONE RUN FASTEST.
My son wanted to play this game, so we picked up two copies so that we could play together via Battle Net.As old as this game is, we love it!Terrific game!
Hi question if i order & purchase & pay for this PC Game star-craft battle chest with my credit card will the payment be accepted this time instead of declined again like blazing angels part 1 you know the one for the ps3 i payed for on this website a couple of weeks back with 3 others that were able to come through except one which is the blazing angels part 1 for the ps3 .
This is an excellent buy. You are getting 2 quality games, that will lead to endless hours of enjoyment. You have your choice of what type of life form you want, and you have various structures to build, compared to the common medieval games.  If you enjoy this type of game, I also highly suggest Age of Empires 2 and the expansion pack and Empire Earth. All highly recommended.
Starcraft has caught me into the craze ever since its debut in 98...This game is simply amazing.  It is the type of RTS that is &quot;hard and fast,&quot; you build, build, build, fight, fight, fight, and either win or  lose, sometimes having the chance to revive if you lost the first battle.  It is different from other great RTS like AOE2 because the latter is more  fun when you build a great army w/ diverse units and attack tactically,  while Starcraft is more like building a giant swarm and either going  straight thru or catching the opponent by surprise...(what I mean is: while  AOE2 resembles real combat more, Starcraft is idealistic but  fun).Starcraft's campaigns makes it standout...the Kerrigan story was  spectacular, especially if you buy this battle chest and go thru the whole  story from the original to Broodwar.  Blizzard hired some decent fiction  writers for the plot...Battle.net and multiplayer rules in Starcraft.  In case you don't know, battle.net gives you free access to the Blizzard  server (if you use the Internet, of course) to meet and play multiplayer w/  hundreds and even thousands of other people off the net (of course, it's  only 8 people per game max).  There is (was?) also a great ranking system  and tournaments, but I don't know if they still do that anymore, having my  Internet connection gone extremely slow for the last 6 months...All in  all, this battlechest is a mustbuy, and the guides help a lot in case  you're stuck, but try to beat the game yourself (I did it) first...
After all these years, StarCraft is still the best RTS choice by fans, pc magazines around the world.  There are plenty of replay values, thanks to Star Editor.  Better yet, it isn't that complicated either unlike other game's editor.  You could make your own custom campaigns, and custom maps very easily.  If you don't want to, you could download custom maps from blizzard.com.  I just hope Blizzard make few more custom campaigns and put them on their website for downloading.  StarCraft: Battle Chest has original StarCraft, StarCraft expansion set: Brood War and two separate guide for each game for you to enjoy the world of StarCraft.  ... Go buy it now!  You'll be glad that you did.
StarCraft Battle Chest is a great addition to gaming. I love this game. I just bought it to get ready to play Starcraft 2. I would definitely recommend the game.
Half Life is definately the best shooter game. Team Fortress classic is a great addon. I do not intend on explaining features e.t.c. This is just a great deal, if you don't have Half Life yet, definately buy this one.
10 years ago I was big in this game playing Team Fortress Classic. Its a server you play online with others. Red team vs Blue team and you play to capture the flag. Great strategy! Theres a variety of characters and each team needs just the right amount depending on your opponents team you may need to adjust yours and have somebody be a different class to help defend the fortress / capture the flag. Classes are: Scout - Heavy Demolition Man - Sniper - Soldier - Spy - Engineer - Pyro - Medic, etc. A lot of fun playing any of these characters and each have their own attributes. While playing Team Fortress Classic you can play just to have fun as a "noob" or get more involved with the game and play as if you were in the military! Have a headset so you can chat with your team members to talk strategy while defending the fortress. Communication is a must when it comes to military style games so if you knock down the opposing teams sentry guns (or snipers, or cleared their base of whatever whatever), its good to let your other team members know so they can advance forward (put more on offense than defense).I purchased Half-Life 2 Game of the Year Edition and saw there was no Team Fortress Classic so I had to purchase the original Half-Life I highly recommend you play TF online. A typical round lasts 10 minutes and after those 10 minutes you get to see everybodys score whether its kills (1 point), or capturing the flag (10 points). Its good fun running into an opponent then backing away cause its a stale mate then throwing a grenade at a corner having it bounce off the wall and detonating, he sees that and runs out in your line of sight where theres a friendly sentry gun (Engineer builds these) right behind ya he runs into. Engineers are extremely good as they have an EMP grenade (others dont), they build teleports, sentry guns, and ammo stations while all the other classes are based more on speed, health, and their weapon damage.But my fun is being a sniper! One shot they're done and whats better than seeing one of your team members up against a Heavy Weapons guy, you snipe the HW guy and your team member is like oh thank you snipers!Play Team Fortress Classic and get involved. If you're into Paintball this is for you.
Half-Life is incredible. The story keeps pulling you along to see how it will all end. And with the incredible enemy AI and fantastic level design, it's utterly addictive! I like it so much because there are so many memorable scenes in the story. I played this game once before, but never finished it. Now that I'm playing thru again, I remember battles that were particulary viscious - Killing the monstrosity in the Blast Pit - having head crabs jump on you in the blackness of the tiny air shafts - fighting the soldiers as they lob grenades and work as a team - the ride on the railcar - ascending the nuclear core using the portals - ....The game is HUGE as well - I've put in at least 2 or 3 all day/night gaming sessions, but I'm just now getting to the big build-up towards the end. I highly recommend this game and it is definitely deserving of all the 40+ awards it has received since it's release in 98.Now if I could just figure out how to configure the level editor, WorldCraft 2.0, I think I would enjoy trying my hand at level design. I've never messed with level editors before, but WorldCraft looks and sounds like it's fairly intuitive (if I was a techie, I would have already figured it out).
I had this computer on my 98 machine and it was truly the best pc game I have ever played (i have since moved on to ps2).  I just got an xp machine, and it will not run!! So, beware.  Anyway, if you are still on 95 or 98, this is a must have, especially at this price!!
...In low light and solitude I first imersed myself. My headphones and screen immediately presented the most humdrum, plausible beginning for a reality based game: you are going in to work. Fade in to the interior of an automated tram car. A prerecorded voice welcomes you to the Black Mesa Transit System. Such inauspicious beginnings mark the first 20 minutes of the game, and while it might sound boring, it has a devious psychological purpose.For you are Gordon Freeman, Reseach Assistant. And the liesurely tram ride through the massive Black Mesa Research complex provides subtle clues that everything in your life is about to go horribly wrong. Sure, everything SEEMS normal; just another day at the top-secret government laboratory, right? Yeah, the gaurds grumble about their computers crashing and senior scientists berate you for being late, but its just another one of those days at the office.Heh, heh, heh...You actually percieve all of this through Freeman's eyes, right in the game. Like I said, you must go into work at first. You run through bright, institutionalized enviornments and chat with your coworkers as you rush to get to your work center on time.Finally, the big experiment! All you gotta do is don your protective Hazardous Enviornment Suit, go into the armored, airlock-accessible chamber, and follow some simple instructions. What's this? A senior scientist notices an anomoly as your team bombards an alien substance, but &quot;it's well within acceptable parameters.&quot;BOOM! CRASH! SPARK! SCREAM! Oh no-- everything is exploding in showers of green energy! A massive bolt of radiation hits your coworker's observation post! The ceiling is caving in!ZAP! Heavy breathing. Fade into a strange, almost aquatic like landscape. ZAP! More breathing. More bizarre scenes. Zap into unconciousness.When the real world fades back in, klaxons blare. The experiment chamber is in shambles. Sparks fly. The airlock has been blown open. You must get to safety.But as you try to retrace your steps, you find the devestration has touched everybody and everything. All the &quot;boring&quot; scenes you walked through now lie in ruins and bloody corpses. Welcome to Black Mesa. Welcome to Half-Life.This whole opening sequence had me right where it wanted me. For the duration, I was this game's slave. I remember sitting in my chair and lifting a dazed look around my room after the disaster sequence. Like Keanu Reeves, all I could say was, &quot;Whoa&quot;. I ended up played the game seven hours straight, an unprecedent time spend on one game by me.I liked many aspects of this game, from the badguys, to the weapons, to the atmoshphere. This is the first game I played which actually creeped me out at times. That opening sequence played a good mind trip, with immersing you into an everyday enviornment which spirals horribly out of control. But I can describe the weapons and beasties some other time. I think what I have shown you speaks for whether or not this game is a good investment.
Half life isn't a game, it's a way of life. The most involving and enjoyable game ever produced for the PC it pulls you into the world of Gordon Freeman and his escape from the Black Mesa Research  Facility.Essential a First Person Shooter with style, Half Life has  incredible graphics and attention to detail, the helicopters being a fine  example.Be warned, this game is HUGE, it goes on for ages and never gets  boring. The slight downside is that there's a section at the end on Xen,  the alien planet which changes tack too much and can be frustrating to  complete.Simply put this game is the business, from the introduction  sequence, the alien AI, the graphics and the smooth gameplay there is  nothing better. Buy it.
I love the story i love the easter eggs i love everything about this game i give this game a 9/10.
I'm reviewing this game now having played it religiously for over 15 months.  No game has ever held my attention for nearly so long a period. Even though newer and probably better games are on the horizon to claim the  #1 spot due to technology advancements- Half-Life will likely forever hold  my fondest gaming memories.In my opinion, Starcraft was the first game  to have truly amazing online support. Including quick and easy updating,  ease in finding fast games, and a constant stream of new maps and game play  variations to keep it interesting. Half-Life with Won.net was the first  game to bring that kind of support to fans of first-person fragging. Single  player was great, but once you visit the online Half-Life community... kiss  your other hobbies goodbye. I praise valve for creating this game- quite  possibly my favorite of all time. Never has a FPS had such amazing weapons,  and well-tuned multiplayer maps. Thanks to won.net, finding on-line games  have been a snap with filters to find exactly what you are in the mood for  and a fast connection.Like Starcraft again, Valve constantly released  free maps, and variations including Team Fortress Classic- a whole other  game in itself, which quite frankly deserves a five-star rating of its own.  With 9 unique classes, and goals more detailed then simply "killing", TFC  added cunning and strategy to a gaming genre that previously relied on  reflexes and the memorizing of maps. It truly feels as though you are on a  team in fierce competition. This game is a sport.To top it off,  Half-Life gamers themselves were able to make their own maps, character  skins and mods- propelling this game and its community into unbeatable  longevity.  It has been more than a year and a half since this game has  come out, and still new FPS games are hard pressed to mimic its appeal.  Even though everyone must know its reputation by now, I feel obligated to  pay tribute to this amazing game.It will be interesting to see if any  game will ever be able to match its popularity. My money is on Valve's next  game, Team Fortress 2.
This is definelty the best game in the FPS genre.  It has brought so much to the table.  The mindless blastfests ala quake and doom were fun, but this...wow!  There was shooting and an actually story!An accidental portal to the alien planet Xen opening.  Trying to survive the aliens was hard enough.  Then the military is sent to help.  And by help i mean cleanse the aliens as well as the scientists.  So you are up against aliens, marines, *and* the black ops for a few levels.  The gameplay is fun, the puzzles range from easy to difficult (the blackops levels, and the part with the lasers and the missle...that took me forever).  And i love throwing snarks at marines.The single player game itself was a lot of fun.  But even more came afterwords.  All the mods that people have made.  My favorite was the &quot;they hunger&quot; trillogy.  Night of the Living Dead meets Half life?  Pure genious!  TFC and all the other online games are awesome (i haven't personal;ly played them much, not much of an online gamer).  But I know that they would be lots of fun.  Opposing force was awesome (although the horrendously horrible Blue Shi(f)t is a waste of cash).  You owe it to yourself to buy and play this revolutionary FPS game.  I am happily awaiting its sequal!
Your name is Gordan Freeman.  You have a Ph.D. in theoretical physics from  MIT.  You are well acquainted with classical physics, relativity and  quantum mechanics.  You presently work at a top-secret research compound in  New Mexico called the Black Mesa Research Lab.  However, this is not going  to be just another typical day at the office.  It will be a period that  will test you in ways that your education at MIT did not prepare you  for...You are involved in an experiment that goes awry (to put it  mildly).  A dimensional portal opens up and all of these mean &amp; nasty  aliens have slipped thru (they get meaner and nastier as the game goes on).  You try to escape the compound, picking up a variety of weapons to defend  yourself as you go along.  The weapons include:  a crowbar (also good for  opening up boxes of supplies), a pistol, a 44 Magnum (very cool), a  shotgun, an automatic machine gun w/a grenade launcher, hand grenades +  some experimental weapons (being researched in various levels of the lab)  and other stuff.  You will need them all for the task that awaits  you.However, the story does not end there.  At the third scenario,  Marine Recon shows up.  The scientists all think that they are there to  rescue them.  Wrong.  the Marines are actually there to eliminate ALL  evidence that anything ever happened, which means they are to whack both  the aliens as well as the scientists.  So now you have to fight your way  thru heavily armed Marines as well as violence-prone aliens who really,  really seem to dislike you.One of the nice things about this game,  however, is that not everyone is against you.  From time to time you come  across scientists &amp; security guards who are on your side &amp; you can  ask for (and receive) their assistance to help you thru tough spots.  The  plot to the game itself is quite good, too, about as elaborate as you're  ever going to find in a role-playing game. I understand that one of the  writers for the game is actually an author of horror novels.  Way  cool!You can also play the game on-line.  While playing the  multi-player mode via the Internet has precious little to do w/the actual  CD game, it is addictive nonetheless.  Some scenarios are free-for-alls  where you run around picking up weapons &amp; shooting at anything (and  everything) that moves.  Other websites let you play on teams;  it's  capture-the-flag with hand grenades &amp; flame throwers (my  favorite!).I would not recommend this game for everyone, tho.  I would  advise against getting this game for children.  It is certainly the most  obnoxious game I have ever played.  It has more action and gore than most  horror &amp; action films.  The 3D accelerated graphics make it seem all  too real, from the mangled body parts to the blood (human and alien) that  is smeared all over the walls and floors.  I would also admonish people who  suffer from claustrophobia or vertigo to think twice about buying this  game.  There are many times that you have to go thru tiny crawl spaces  (such as ventilator shafts) and have to work from in high places (many  times falling a time or two until you learn how to get thru them).  Also in  the game are many places where you must traverse areas laden with toxic  sludge as well as machines that will smash you to bits if your timing isn't  right.  Definitely not for the feint of heart.But, if you enjoy  top-notch action games that are not short on plot and violence, this game  is for you.  You get to be a theoretical physicist who is every Green  Beret's worst nightmare.  Richard P. Feynman would have loved this game!!!
Play Half-Life and find yourself hard-pressed to find a more beautifully laid-out, strategized, and perfected (on a relative scale, of course) game to come out of the industry. Easily within classic status among the best of the best, Half-Life still manages to have detractors. My best guesses as to their reasoning are to a couple of factors: strict console gamers would have a hard time developing a liking for PC style first-person shooters, and, quite honestly, the game is odd. Your vantage point never leaves the first-person, you never hear your character speak, he is never out of your control--cutscenes or otherwise--and you're often presented with gruesome scenes of carnage and death. Plus, the game feels powerful, which can be slightly discomforting. Guns recoil and grenades are lobbed with incredible realism (for 1997, but still true for today), and the artificial intelligence is so seemingly real that you'll be surprised to see you aren't hooked up to a network.The fact is, Half-Life is an experience, and it may not be for everybody (although sales figures would suggest otherwise). The emotions, sweat, and stress caused by playing Half-Life are the results of developer Valve's desire to up the ante for the video game market. And, boy, did ever they succeed.
Normally I'm not ... for buying extra copies, but Half-Life did just that. I myself have a personal story of going into the store to get something...only to end up with a brand new original copy of Half-Life, in that famous original box (not the somewhat worse, but still palatable one you see here for the GotY version).Yes, you know that you can easily patch any version, and that Half-Life's Counter-Strike modification has kept this game pulling more players than the top other games combined. The number of mod projects for this title are staggering, and Valve Software is making sure to get every last bit of performance out of this one until the "Next Big Thing," which sources have us believe will be quite soon, and quite big (and no, I wouldn't say it's CS 1.6...we're talking about something else). Are there any bad things about this game?Well, the graphics still are the best thing that my venerable old Packard Bell with 200 MHz Genuine Intel Pentium ran, with its 16 MB of EDO RAM and extremely primitive 1 MB S3 ViRGE card. Still, it ran. Often the graphics seem ugly in comparison to other, newer, and supposedly better things, but they work, and if you care about winning in CS, this seems a secondary concern.If anything, don't buy this for the standalone game but--for goodness sake--get online and try out some of those mods. You deserve it!
Wow!  Rarely am I as floored as I was when I popped in Half-Life for the first time!  This is done with the Quake 2 engine!  I certainly couldn't tell!  When you first get off the train in the beginning, a security guard  TALKS to you, and his mouth even moves (although one of the scientists  looks like he talks out of the SIDE of his mouth)!  Of course, other games  do this now, but Half-Life was one of the first when it came out, and MY  mouth dropped open!  When I entered the facility, another guard talked and  told me that his computer crashed and was going to get it fixed!  Trust me,  there's PLENTY of other scenes like this that will make you wonder if it's  a movie or a game.  Everything is just so REALISTIC!  What's the catch?  ...NOTHING!  Listen to the gaming magazines and web sites...buy it!  You'll  be glad you did!
Many of you know this game, from the publicity it got from Counterstrike. Many of you counterstrike player's might not know of this game. But you should, this game back when it was released (1998) was ahead of its time, it introduced the puzzle element it FPS games, the cinematic feeling you got when you play the role of Gordon Freeman, a scientist working at the Black Mesa Anomalous Materials Research Center. If you haven't yet bought this game or haven't yet even tried it. It is definately a game you should have on your shelve at home. I have been seeing reviews right here on this sight saying that the graphics are dated, well duh... they are the game is 5 years old, and still kicking, with a multiplayer gaming community that is larger than Quake 3, Unreal Tournament 2003, &amp; Battlefield 1942 combined. And is still growing. This game is a part of history, if you want to be involved in this history than I suggest you buy this game. This game has by far the most modifications out for it than any other game out there, with striving mod community's such as SvenCoop, Natural Selection, Science &amp; Industry, &amp; the yet to be released Half-life Rally.I also noticed some reviewers saying the game is really buggy, or people cheat alot. That is true the game can be buggy at times, and people do cheat, but there is no way of avoiding that in any game. VALVe has tried their hardest to stop the cheating with their VALVe anit-cheat technology. They have also released many patches, from the start to fix most of the bugs.I end my spiel right here saying please buy this game and come join the ever growing community of Half-life. Who knows maybe I'll see one of you in-game. If you do see me, dont mind to say hi, most people that play are nice.
Half-Life seems to have been around forever, but it's still as popular as it was when it first graced us with a frenzy of action. Nothing against Quake, Doom, and Duke, but Valve really upped the ante for FPS games.Quake is just a shoot fest, that doesn't offer much enjoyment in the single player mode outside of practice for multiplayer. Half-Life however, involves problem solving and a knack for pressing the F6 key on a regular basis. (quick save) This is the only game I have that can spook me. I get so into the stage, sneaking around and all, when a baddie pops out, I've been known to develop a nervous tick.The greatness of this game is only partially realized in single player mode. Multiplayer is where Half-Life truly shines. With different levels that the singleplayer mode and a slew of downloadable mods, this is the best multiplayer thing going. Counterstrike, TFC, player skins, weapons, bots, etc... make this game seem to never run out of new things to do.Nothing beats mulitplayer on a LAN with this game. My roommates and I have wasted many an hour blowing each other up, and setting up traps to crossbow people in. If you like a good single player game, love multiplayer action, and don't have this yet... What cave have you been livin' in? Get with it man!
This game was awarded over 40 game of the year awards back in 98 and it deserved every damn one of them.  The single player game utterly blows away the competition (with a rocket launcher). It is fun to play, scary as hell,  and very atmospheric.  The Artificial Intelligence (AI) is some of the best  ever seen.  For once, the enemies you face are quite capable of taking you  on.Great,you say, but what about multiplayer?  Thanks to the inclusion  of Team Fortress Classic (which is worth the price of admission all by  itself), Half-Life can hold its own in the battle for your online time.  With multiple character classes, each with its own strengths and  weaknesses, this is a game that truly emphasizes cooperation. For once  believe the hype and buy this game.
This is plain and simply the best game I have ever player or ever expect to play.  Sure some games have better graphics, some have more action, but nothing except Half-Life (including its mildly dissapointing sequels) has ever so brilliantly encompassed a great story, great gameplay, great characters, and great strategy.It was a normal day for you, Gordan Freeman, an employee at the Black Mesa Research Facility deep in the bowels of the New Mexico desert.  Sure, the computer system had been screwy, but your job was easy enough: don a "hazard suit" and do the task detailed to you by the scientists in charge.  But then things went horribly awry, the shut-down procedure failed, and only the hazard suit you were wearing saved your life.  You must make it to the surface, but the normal routes have been blocked off by the unforseen consequences of the experiment.  Hapless unarmed scientists and rogue security guards may be some help, but aside from the weaponry you'll find, you'll have to rely on yourself to fight off the hordes of aliens spawned by the resonance cascade.Everything about this game is brilliant.  Sure, its story (penned not by some computer programmed but genuine sci-fi novelist Mark Laidlaw) of a scientific experiment gone wrong isn't exactly novel, but the fact that the game sticks with the story instead of using it as a clothesline for action sequenced makes up for it.  The weapons, which number about 15, are healthily balanced between realistic and original, and are spaced throughout the game so that the player does not find all of them in ten minutes.  The NPC's can be funny and are often helpful, the enemies ruthless and cunning.There is no game I can reccomend more highly, do yourself a favor and play this game as soon as possible.  10/10.
This is one of the best games ever produced. It is practically responsible for the existence of the Steam gaming service and its parent company Valve. I give this game 5/5 stars and couldn't recommend it more highly, despite its dated graphics. No game collection is complete without all the Half-Life games, including all the Half-Life 2 games.However, I would strongly suggest purchasing the Half-Life Anthology set instead of this version at this point, simply because it is far cheaper. The Half-Life Anthology set also includes the Half-Life expansions known as Half-Life: Opposing Force and Half-Life: Blue Shift. While the expansions aren't nearly as widely loved as the original Half-Life, you can get both them AND the original Half-Life in the Half-Life Anthology pack available on Steam as a digital download for a far cheaper price (around 14 bucks).I would also strongly recommend poking around on Steam's website for something called the Half-Life high-definition pack. It's a pack you can get and easily install from Steam's official website that significantly enhances the graphics in these old Half-Life games. Though I can't remember for sure, I think they make it easy for you with auto-installation.The Half-Life series is absolutely unrivaled. Don't miss out on it! 5/5 stars!
Half-Life came out for PC in 1998. People played it people lovedit. It recieved over 50 game of the year awardes. 1999 Half-Life:Opposing force comes out. It gets very good reviews.Then, Counter-Strike comes out, that gets a best multiplayeronline game award. Then Blue Shift comes out, gets good scores.It also includes a Half-Life HD package which uppon installingmakes the graphics look good. Then Half-Life is ported to theps2 with even fancier graphics. After almost 6 years, Half-Lifestill is the greatest. It starts out simple. You are a Scientistnamed Gordon Freeman who is working a tipical day at theBlack Mesa Research Facility. But, suddenly a teleportationexperiment goes wrong spawning aliens and destroying thefacility. All the doors are shut, and the tram system destroyedso you must find a way to make it to the surface. The militaryare supposed to rescue you, but you find out that they justwant to silence you and your co-workers and make sure that allevidence of the alien outbreak is concieled. THIS GAME ISTHE PERFECT FIRST PERSION SHOOTER. PERIOD.
This game is the best on the PC. Its also the best first person shooter out there so far. The action is awesome and explosive.Gameplay 9/10 Great gameplay. It really requires tactics then just running in front a squad of troops and firing your MP5 like a maniac. There are not a great variety of guns, though, but really great. The multiplayer also rocks (including Counter strike). The AI are probably the smartest of all videogames. They duck, strafe, group up like real soldiers. If they see you at a distance, they'll throw a grenade. The aliens are really cool.Graphics 7/10 fine, but not the best. The environments are well done.Storyline 10/10 The storyline is really great. Especially how the story fits with the gameplay.This is the story: You are a scientist named Gordan Freeman, and you made a accident at the Black Mesa Reasearch center, causing all these alien hordes to enter the facility. The goverment sent forces to kill everything at the facility.You must try to save your own skin.Sound 10/10 Great sound effects, especially the guns, as realistic as possible.Difficulty 10/10 this game will probably take up 30 hours or more to beat, it is incredebly hard, cause the AI is too smart.Overall 9.5/10 great game, must buy for fps fans.
When Half-Life first came out in 1999 I was about 11 years old, and I really wasn't into video games. But come late 2004, Half-Life 2 came out, and when I read the PC Gamer review(98%) and saw some screenshots, I went to GameStop to get it. The guy at the counter asked me if I had played Half-Life. I told him no. He then said, since I was under 17 he had no obligation to sell me the M rated game Half-Life 2, until I had bought, played and beaten Half-Life. So I bought Half-Life, went home, loaded it, and started playing. Imediatly I was suprised at how good the graphics were, especially for a game from 1999. The graphics in Half-Life could easily compete with many of the games in the 2000's. Also, the sound extremely good, hearing the slightest of noises. The story is pretty basic, but good enough to keep you interested in that area. You are Gordon Freeman, researcher at Black Mesa Labs. Your expirement has gone very wrong, releasing a bunch of aliens into the labs. The government has sent soldiers in to "clean things up" and you are faced with fighting for your life against aliens and human soldiers. The gameplay is awesome, and the weapons are very good. Online play is fabulous, especially if you have Counter-Strike. So, despite Call of Duty, Doom 3, the Battlefield series, WarCraft 3, Neverwinter Nights, or any other game that is mind-blowing, Half-Life is the best game I have ever played, and in my opinion, the best game ever.
Half-Life deserves more than 5 stars. It is the new king of computer games, Surely the best first person shooter ever made. You play gorden freeman a 27 year old research associate in the Black Mesa research facility. The game has 16 very large and strong levels plus two starting levels and one end game level and it has a game ending that 50% of the gamers would say it is the best ever and 50% would say the worst ever, If you ask me it is the best ending ever for a Pc game story, It has got two great endings a climax and an anti climax. Right from the start you're engaged in events like riding a train to work, finding the locker room and suiting up, and then heading for the test lab. The experiment in the test lab goes very wrong and alien beings are teleported through the portal that opened and the goverment wants to cleanup the mess completly including you. You must fight your way through the aliens and the commandos and be teleported to a distant planet to cleanup the mess that was created. The Game starts and ends on a train. What i really like about half life is that there are no cutsences, The whole story is through the eyes of Gordan, I hate it when games take the controls away from the player.Half Life has the best graphics ever in a computer game, Dont worry if you dont have a 3D card, You dont need them, The software rendering itself is as good as Direct3D or OpenGL. Valve's artists and sound artists should win awards for their contribution to half-life. The charecters look so real that you really feel sorry for them when they get killed. Not only does the game look and feel like the science lab, but it's monstors and live wire electricity effects all come alive. The graphics of fire and water are simply superb so life like. The sound in half life is very clear that you could understand what the scientist and commandos are talking very clearly, The explosions and the gunfire sounds along with the graphics give a real war like atmosphere. The sound track in half-life the opening music is fantastic. Half Life's level designing is superb, The black mesa is a great place to hang arround. The levels are so beautifully desinged and they are very strong and the puzzles are very challenging. Surface tension is my favorite level. There are 13 weapons but why did the makers have just 5 keys for them, Most of the weapons have secondary fire mode. This is the first game were living creatures are used as weapons, The small alien crab like thing and the hand of an alien, Leave your charecter alone for sometime holding a weapon and you will see him play with it. The commandos are more challenging to fight than the aliens expecially the black dressed woman assasins in the levels apprehension and Lambda complex. Fighting them feels as if you are suddenly in a multiplayer game. Half Life's loading time is really fast and quick save and quick Load lives up to it's name only in half life.Half-Life has the best multiplayer playability in action games and probably the most easy to use interface ever. Half-Life is a must for all FPS fans. I can't understand how Myst is still the best selling game ever. There is absolutely nothing wrong in half-life, It is probably the most perfect game ever made, There should be a prize to persons who find real fault with half life. The NPC's look alike but that's understandable, In all games two out of ten charecters look alike, It bothers only in half life because they look so real, For people who find that as a big con let me tell you if valve decided that each charecter must have a different then half life wouldn't be half complete today. Some people think Xen is not fun to play, That's because you are in the science lab and all of a sudden you are in Xen and could not handle the sudden atmosphere change, Xen is fun to play. Half Life is a very well planned and polished game that it is very shinning. And it is the only game which has not crashed on my system. Forget Quake II or Unreal, Buy Half Life you would not regret it.
It wasn't labeled "Game Of The Year" in it's day for no reason.  It was the basis for spawning the decade+ long running classic online shooter "Counter Strike".It is very fun to play and with a deep story line.  Collect this and the entire series and you will have something truly fun and entertaining to share with the grand kids years from now when they want to see "those old games" that pop pop used to play.  LOL!
Absoulutly incredable.  Everything was approched in this game; sound, stratagy, lighting, level design, and graphics.  It is darn good stuff.  Also, the counterstrike mod is enough of a reason to buy it.  This game  definatly deserves game of the year.  Well done Sierra!
Man o man this is an excellent game. This is thee best first person shooter i have ever played. Most first person shooters dont really have a plot its just shoot everything around and dont think twice about it. In half life there is a deep and interesting plot. Its still shoot everything in site but it has a plot and that's important. It is also nice to be able to use security gaurds and scientists. Ever since i got the game i havent been able to put it down yet. The add on counterstrike is even more addicting yet. All and all it is a great game and a must have.
I love this game, [it] scares me [so bad]! I never had that happen before, and i'm only talking about single player mode. Multi player rocks!
A modern classic, this is an finely-honed first person shooter with a compelling story, some excellent action set-pieces, great presentation, and a ground-breakingly perfect musical score. It reeks of quality, and stinks  of class - the creators obviously cared about making a good game, and that  simple fact sets 'Half-Life' apart from everything else. Now almost two  years old, 'Half-Life' is still just as good as it was, and it could be  released tomorrow and still make the same impact. It's an embarrassment of  riches, with too many good things to count - in amongst the  seemingly-intelligent soldiers, giant tentacles, amusingly jingoistic  security guards and radioactive water the game almost off-handedly solves  the problem of how to tell a story with a computer game - and it's  extremely immersive. You really need to play it with headphones, or an  expensive stereo. Everything from the plausible, gloomy environments, to  the metallic chatter of your machine-pistol, fits the atmosphere perfectly,  and there's a sparse, scary set of musical cues which mix ambient techno  with noisemusic. It's even excellent fun as a multiplayer game, or even in  related 'Team Fortress' form. It's rock-hard, too, but in a way that makes  you want certain bits again and again. All told, it's a classic, and you  should own it already (plus the mission pack).It's not perfect, though,  although familiarity has no bred contempt. The narrative flow breaks down  in the final, alien-bound levels, which are a disappointment after the  recognisably real-world environments in the rest of the game. On the alien  world there are a couple of places where you can be inextricably stuck,  too, which seems unfair. Some of the creature designs don't seem to fit,  either - whilst the mutated scientists and head-crabs are fantastically  hateable, the hulking, wasp-firing alien 'sergeants' seem to belong to  another game entirely. Play it in the dark, for the first time, and you'll  be scared to death, too.It makes 'Blood 2' look amazingly, implausibly  bad.
Ok, lemme just say this'll be a long review. First I'll review Half-Life, then TFC. (It deserves a little review, doesn't it?)In HL Single Player, you're Gordon Freeman, normal scientist late for a day at work at Black Mesa Research Facility. When a test goes wrong at work, the poo hits the fan and soon you're fighting for your life against mutated former comrades and aliens from the border world to clear out an escape route to the surface, and to safety. To top it all of the 'Administrator' (commonly dubbed the G-Man) has gotten the military involved to, erm, clean things up- meaning eliminate all survivors- alien or human.However, you won't be alone. You'll have fellow scientists to help you along the way (right before they get a shotgun blast to the head, if you're that no-mercy-for-NPCs type) and security guards to offer some cannon fodder while you make your escape, and to open doors you can't to make your way out.This thing is incredible, and the sequences make it even better. Who can forget the scientist screaming as he plunges down the vacant elevator shaft? Made me watch my step...and the ominous music right before you step into a room- and rock begins plunging down over your head? Walk up to a scientist wounded- and he'll pull out a syringe, saying 'Hold still- this won't hurt a bit.' Free heal! Lead a Barney towards an enemy, and he'll yell 'Die, you bloodsucker!' before shooting. (Might i mention the voices are great?) I also enjoyed the beginning- walking past a table with a scientist sitting at a table enjoying some coffee, or another tying his shoe, or another saying 'Someone's hidden my glasses again...'...Unfortunately, there aren't many skins for the 'Barneys' (security guards) or scientists. But that's a nitpick. I know some people didn't like Xen, either.Anyway, SP is DEFINETLY worth playing through, unlike some games.On to TFC...If your looking for teamplay, you got yer candy right here. Players can choose classes, such as the Heavy Weapons Guy or Engineer, all of which have different skills, pros, and cons. Most of the maps are great- Well and 2fort are good simple CTF favorites, while slightly more complicated scenarios such as Flagrun, Canalzone2, Hunted, or Dustbowl are fun as well. (Except many call Dustbowl Spambowl because of the excessive amount of thrown grenades...constantly)I enjoy TFC over HLDM because of the variety. Sometimes I play Medic and heal my teammates amid explosions. Others I play Engineer and set up a sentry gun to defend our flag. Or maybe I might play Pyro and enjoy setting enemies on fire. And if I'm feeling frustrated? I'll break out the Heavy Weapons Guy- just hold down the button and shoot at what moves.All in all, Half-Life is great. I'd highly reccommend it for anyone wanting story, gameplay, replayability, and fun in one big package. Don't forget the thousands of downloadable levels online- The Rats style levels, in which you are 6 inches tall in a bathroom/kitchen/livingroom/ect., are personal favorites.
Well...Where to begin.  This game is excellent.  That's basically all I need to say.  It's main game has a nice plot, your a scientist whose expieriment went wrong and you must do some stuff...AND SHOOT STUFF ALONG THE WAY!!!  Most enemies are Smart, and tactically try to kill you, and the &quot;Puzzles&quot; are fun too.  Plus, Deathmatch is fun, and all the &quot;mods&quot; by other people make the game infinately replayable.If you like First Person Shooters/action games at all, you simply must try this.
half-life is one of the best FPS ever made!! The story is goes like this: You are Gordon Freeman, a scientist working at a top secret labratory in New Mexico, called the Black Mesa Research Facility. when doing a normal routine science experiment, things go terribly wrong and you have opened a portal between an alien world and the Black Mesa research facility!! The point of the game is to fight your way to the surface and make it out alive! but that is no easy challenge, for the alien AI is smart and the damage they can cause can be severe.you also fight soldiers trying to cover up the experiment and trying to eliminate all the witnesses. you will die many times, but somewhere inside you, you have the courage to keep on going. there are also many weapons to choose from in this game, but u must find them first. these are some examples (there are too many to list, ill just list the basics) MP5 submachine gun with a M203 grenade launcher on it, Glock pistol, Crowbar for wacking aliens, Rocket Launcher, Grenades, shotgun, crossbow, and trip bombs. there are many others too!!! this game is not only very hard, but very long. on easy mode it took me about 2 and a half months to beat it. that sounds crazy, but its worth it and soon you'll find yourself addicted and not being able to stop clicking the mouse button. i highly reccommed this game to all FPS addicts. A MUST HAVE!!! >>>>>>>>>-patrick.
Half-Life is easily the best game ever made, no doubt about it.  The graphics are a little out dated but thats okay the gameplay more than makes up for it.  It isn't perfectly realistic but it comes very close to it.  For one, you can carry 8 weapons at a time but thats the case it most shooters.  And head shots don't kill.  But besides that the game is very realistic.  Guns are in logical places not just lying there as with health, health power-ups aren't just sitting there, instead you get health at refill pump which also are in very logical places.  Now as the plot goes, the most brilliant part in the game.  You are a scientist who works at Black Mesa Reseach Facility and are working on a very big project which goes very wrong, warping aliens to the lab.  Now the lab is infested with deadly aliens and you are the only one who can save you fellow scientists.  Wanna find out what happens?  THEN BUY THE GAME!!!
I'm not a fan of first-person shooters - I get bored with just killing targets too quickly, and the rapid movements necessary invariably make me  nauseous. Half-Life is different: It makes me think, it has a mystery-laden  storyline and it looks marvellous. The visuals, sounds and effects are  bloody perfect. Not only that, the opponents are very crafty - I was  surprised to see one beast actually duck behind cover when I shot at it!
I was in about sixth grade when this came out, or at least when my dad bought it. I still love it, and it's very realistic, yet also fun to play as well! It's unbelievably fun. Games today focus too much on realistic graphics, rather than good story lines, or good gameplay. I hope to be a video game designer one day, and I wanna make games that are more like the older ones, such as this. Older video games give me a more comforting feeling than these games today that have stories that are more like real life than being fun. Half-Life (All three of them) will always be among my favorite video games ever, and even if you run out of ammo and have to start the whole game over again, so what?! It's worth it! It's worth every single penny!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a great game to own and it is really fun but don't expect a direct story being told to you like modern games.Also many people that have played Counter Strike will also enjoy this because this game is where the concept came from because if Half Life didn't exist Counter Strike would never exist at all. Many CS players  especially international CS Players don't even know about half life and that is just plain sad lol but oh well they are missing out on a great game.
Yes, Doom was the beginning of the FPS genre as we know it. But Half-Life marked the beginning of an evolutionary leap for the genre. Quite simply put, Half-Life is, and will remain, one of the greatest games ever. I really can't put the gameplay experience into words, but I remember when I first played this game almost ten years ago, I was absolutely absorbed. Seriously. Absorbed. At the time, the mods were sharp, fun, and novel. Counter-strike. Firearms. Team Fortress Classic.Man, those were fun days.If you haven't played this game, you need to experience it and understand what it has done to the world of first-person shooters. The enemies. The weapons. The music. The levels. The creativity. It's a cinematic experience in itself, and you're the star.
The Half-Life games are the thinking-person's FPSs and the series is this reviewer's favourite game franchise. The original game does look a bit dated by the standards of 2011 but bearing in mind that it was first released in 1998 it still looks pretty good, and in it's day it was truly ground-breaking. It also used a physics engine that was the best of its time and an AI that performed far better than any other. Almost everything you could want is here: a good variety of environments, some satisfying puzzles, and some challenging combat. It also has, within the obvious limits of a shooter, a solid and engaging story. All of this makes for a game that keeps you entertained from start to finish and never outstays its welcome. Great stuff -- and it gets much much better with Half-Life 2!
Me and my dad play this game together but I never got into playing 1 player by myself. I downloaded Team Fortress Classic, and this game is instantly transformed in to THE GR8TEST GAME OF ALL. TFC is the best  multiplayer MOD ever! You get to duke it out while being a medic, soldier,  sniper, Heavy Weapons guy, Demolition man, and a SPY!  I have never  seen another game so addictive and innovative. I would buy this game just  for Mutltiplayer!  You should buy this game, this game makes you  proud to own. The story so cool, the fragging so great! All the reviews are  true this is the GAME OF THE YEAR but I think this is the GAME OF THE  CENTURY.
This must be what they call a pageturner in the world of books. You just can't stop playing it. It has one of the best story lines in a game ever, and without doubt the best story in a FPS ever. This one is going to be  hard to follow up, and it must be seen as the new standard in FPS, from now  on you'll be talking about Half-Life clones, instead of Doom and Quake  clones.Treat yourself with the luxury of Half Life, and you'll never  regret it.
DOESN'T HAVE THE EYE CANDY GRAPHICS OF HALF LIFE 2 BUT KEEPS YOU PLAYING AND ENGROSSED FOR HOURS.
Sure there are many great first person simulations out there right now.  But by any measure this is one of the best.  I can get really caught up in this game.  I have jumped out of my seat (in fear) and really enjoyed  knocking off anybody (or anything) that does not wish me good health.  If  you liked Doom, Quake, etc.  Than buy this game right now!
This is without a doubt, one of the most fantastic games aviliable ever for the PC, if not the best. It contains amazing graphics even if you don't have a 3D accelerator. It has a envolving story line and challenges you to  solve puzzles and unravel what happened after an explosion turns your  colleagues into aliens. But parents, watch out. This game contains EXTREME  gore, involving you to shoot and kill enemies resulting in buckets of gore  as well as severed heads, bloody limbs and the persons heart. This can be  turned off but trails of blood still remain (very bloody) as well as the  scare factor. If your over 14 I'd say you can handle it, but anyone under  10 should not get this game!
Simply put HL is the scariest, alien-shootin'est, head-splatterin'est, crowbar-swingin'est, cart-pushin'est, headcrab-killin'est, vent crawlin'est, best game EVER!
I played the modification of Half Life, Counterstrike, and was amazed at the realism.  I played it at my friends house and only thought of Half Life as a barrier between me and counter-strike, I played counterstrike for a couple nights, and sucked it up because I hadnt even tried Half-Life, so I thought Id just use Half Life as a trainer for Counterstrike, again not expecting much. I was sucked into the story line by the second chapter.  My only complaint with the game is that it didnt rely much on me helping out the other scientists in sticky situations, but Half Life 2 is coming out and Im sure that that will make up for the badstuff.  The game took me almost 30 hours of game play to beat on normal settings, and except for like 2 parts in it that i got frustrated, they were the most intense 29 hours of my life. (The two parts that werent fun were in the trams, and killing the nihilith or whatever its called.  Take my advice and buy this game right now, its only 17 dollars, id gladly pay twice that for just the single player, buy it for both counterstrike and the singleplayer though.
Still going strong after all these years. Goofy graphics compared to the later games but still.......it's Half Life!! Great game!
Back...back on January 1rst, when I first saw half-life,I half to admit one of the best sci-fi games of all time!You are gordon freeman, a scientist, working at a decommsionedmilitary secret facility where scientists and security gaurdsblend with technology in the year 2000, which was not thoughtpossible, One day when scientist in the &quot;anomolous materialslaboratory&quot; where conducting a dangerous but pure and rarespecimen to a test chamber, filled with laser beam like technology, but the scientist went to far,plus they opened upa worm hole between a border world believed to be called &quot;xen.&quot;After the disatirous experiment, aliens are killing everyone andtearring apart the facility, while expolisions ensure and affectthe place, the goverment finds out and comes for you and killsanything in sight, including you! Enough is scrambling to stayalive for you when so much is about to happen! The graphics backthen in this game were impresssive, the sound is above averagefrom my opinion back then, the music is great, and basically, Iplayed the game for 2 years! I have to admit, this is a Execellent worth while game, yet today things have changed!ps. Iwould recommend customers to buy this game!
Half life is truely the best game ever made, a milestone in gaming history. Half Life lives up to its popularity. The game is fun to play. The story is also exciting. Get this game right now if you still haven't lived it!!
This game is brilliant. It's my first game in the Knight series and I was completely immersed in the game right from the very beginning.The plot comprises of a supernatural mystery. The story is great and the characters are amiable. Each character is well drawn as a subplot that contributes well to the main plot. The identity of Mr. Baza is quite a surprise by the end. The subplot between Gabriel and Grace is open ended. Mystery freaks wouldn't mind replaying the game over and over again along with those who would like to get the total score of 965.Game play is easy. You are caught in time blocks and to complete each time block you have to perform certain series of required actions. This is what I liked best about the game because you get the feeling that you are moving in the right direction and hence you needn't worry about replaying any part of the game.At times I got stuck solving the mystery and had to take a look at hint sites and found out that nothing is impossible in any mystery game if you really have the time and patience to look into every nook and corner.The ending was great. Oh I simply loved the puzzles once Gabriel enters the cave. They were fun. I do have one complaint with this game - I wish it didn't have to end at all.5 STARS.
Jane Jensen is one of the few games designers still around capable of creating an interesting point-and-click adventure game, the few other recent exceptions being the designers of Monkey Island and Grimm Fandango, and it is fortunate that Sierra kept her on even while they decided to destroy the adventure game division they built themselves upon and fire most of their best designers.1. While most games have puzzles that have very little connection to whatever storyline they manage to put together (hi, Dreamcatcher), the puzzles in GKIII are very well integrated into a rich storyline.  Some of them are quite difficult to figure out (you can always find hints on the net), but once you do figure it out you don't feel cheated for your efforts because the solutions always make logical sense (although you might have chosen a different tactic in real life). Jane's puzzles also involve more than finding different objects lying on the ground and clicking them randomly on hot spots.  For one thing, the environment is too rich and non-linear for this to work.  The player is actually rewarded for thinking.2. The game environment is very rich.  There are locations that aren't significant to game play, but are still fun to go back and explore and add to the overall experience.  You can wander off and engage in conversations that you missed out on the first time you played the game, and each detail adds to the richness of the storyline.3.  The storyline itself is wonderful, based on the real-life mystery of Rennes le Chateau (read Holy Blood, Holy Grail for its history, or The Big Book of Conspiracies for a nice, short overview).  Even without the puzzles, it is a fun, entertaining and educational interactive movie experience. (SPOILER WARNING: SKIP TO NEXT PARAGRAPH)  Unfortunately, towards the end, when she strays from the known history of the Bloodline it gets a bit silly (it was not necessary for her to rewrite the &quot;origin&quot; of Jesus and create a silly one for the vampires in order to get the vampires into the story: they could have just found out about the Bloodline like anyone else and gone after the child for the special qualities of its blood).4. The production values are wonderful (great soundtrack, great voice cast, etc.).  My one complaint is that Tim Curry gets a bit silly with his voiceover at times, but it gets better as the game progresses.Personally, I was disappointed by the graphics.  The new emphasis on 3D environments in adventure games is saddening.  While it does make point-of-view movement more interesting, the characters look like unreal homonculi and the architecture sometimes feels like you're playing Doom I.  You never forget you are playing a computer game.  It worked better with Grimm Fandango, where the characters are supposed to look inhuman and the environments are less navigable and therefore more fully designed.  There is still something to be said for fully rendered graphics which allow artists to create more fully-realized environments.  Perhaps 3D games will eventually be as interesting to look at as they are to move around in, but not yet.
This is the third time when a Gabriel Knight fan can meet his/her hero in the adventure game by Sierra Studios. And I do not dare to say that Gabriel Knight 3: Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Damned is the best adventure game ever created! Let me clarify it:1) Story: Games created by Jane Jensen were always well-known for their perfect storyline which draws you into its mystery from the very beginning and reveals all secrets and the very end. This game is not an exception - Gabriel is invited to France by Prince James of Albany to explore enigmatic nature of his only son which, as a descendant of very ancient and hermetical family, is in danger of kidnapping. Gabriel and Grace accept the invitation and meet Prince in his mansion. The troubles come very early - although all doors and windows are securely shut and guarded, Prince's kid is kidnapped at night by two strange visitors. Gabriel immediately pursues the kidnappers and after following them to a train and hearing them say &quot;San Greal&quot;, he is suddenly bumped to his head and falls to unconsciousness. He wakes up in a station of Couiza and losts the track of kidnappers in a small village Rennes-le-Chateau, fabulous with mysteries more than two thousand years old. Gabriel starts to face one of the most fearsome investigations he ever did and asks himself the most curious questions. Can be kidnappers related to a tour group of treasure hunters who share the local hotel with Gabriel? What really is the Holy Grail? Can be vampires involved in the case? And who is still one step before him?2) Game System: Gabriel Knight goes to 3D in the most original and playable way you can imagine. All landscapes, interiers, persons and objects are beautifully modelled and animated in real-time. Moreover, you can place your view camera anywhere to see every detail you want. It means that you can explore all objects in your current scene without moving Gabriel or Grace which pushes the playability even higher. In non-interactive animations the camera automatically finds the best location. What more could you want?3) Dialogues: If you played Sins of the Fathers, you will be more than happy that Gabriel's voice is provided by Tim Curry again. Wow! Other characters are also spoken very pleasantly, with a little French accent which perfectly fits the environment.4) Music: The soundtrack maintains the high level established in the first two Gabriel Knight games. It greatly completes all kinds of scenes and makes you shiver in dangerous game parts.5) Other: There are several original features which I never seen in any other adventure game.-  Sidney computer - using this computer to analyze mysterious documents and search hidden messages in images is simply excellent and unforgetable-  Open architecture - you can extract any picture, character, sound, music, etc. from the game and replace it by your ownSo, what is the conclusion? If you are not familiar with adventure games, try to start with this one. I guarantee that you will not be disappointed.
Truly a great adventure game. Now I was an &quot;old-school&quot; fan of adventure games back when developers cared about that genre. now adventure gaming is a dying breed, with only about one or two new adventure games coming out a year and most of those slipping through the cracks where only devoted fans hear about them. True fans are forced to the classics. Now this game in my mind is one of the true great adventure games along with the monkey island series, space quest series, and heros quest series. The game itself may confuse some non-adventure gamers, who don't understand the point of adventure games, but it will leave a great taste in your mouth when you finish it. Regardless if you played the past two Gabriel Knight games you can pick up the plot pretty easily and it draws you in and never lets go. Sneaking around churches and cellars hearing screams and seeing claw marks help set the mood of terror and suspense throught the whole game. This game is similar to one of the movies where the movie dosen't become great until the end when it all wraps up. A must buy for adventure fans, and for those gamers sick of shooting the same space aliens!
In a world that makes it hard to find a pure adventure game, (not an adventure/action combo game where I dread the boring action part and can't wait until it is over, plus what is the point, the big group of action people don't want adventure and many adventurists don't want action - they try to please all, and up end up pleasing few) let alone a fun one, this was a blast. The second in the series was the best.
I can't say that the graphics are the best I've ever seen - the backgrounds are gorgeous but, with a lot of things, expecially the people, you'd think the game designers had never heard of a curve in their lives.  However, the game itself made me forget about all that.  Gabriel Knight is his usual chauvanistic self, but, in spite of that, his relationship with Grace is further developed in this game.  The puzzles vary in difficulty, but I never felt as if any of them were impossible.  It's easy to see that a lot of research went into the story in this game, and, after finishing the game, I was interested enough to read some of the books they got their research from (there's a bibliography in the game's booklet).Amazingly enough, this game is also replayable - if you do the minimum amount of things necessary to win this game, you still won't have seen everything in the game.  There are places you don't have to go, things you don't have to see, and even alternative ways of achieving the same goal, that all create reasons to play this game again.  Except those areas of the game where you can die, or get caught by the bad guys, none of that will change how the game ends, but it's still interesting to go back and look for the things you missed - you even get points for the things you do, so you can tell how close you are to seeing everything the game has to show you.  And for those of you who, like me, play these kinds of adventure games because you don't like getting killed or having to kill things, don't worry, most of that happens at the end of the game.
I have a large history in playing adventure games, I own such classics as; the mokey island trilogy, fate of atlantis, day of the tentacle, full throttle, grim fandango and sam &amp; max...I can heartily say, Gabriel  Knight 3 ranks among the best of them. Merely on the strength of this  title, I bought the first and second in the series, and cannot wait to  begin them.  The storyline is superb, and I suggest after playing  the game you read up about the REAL history of Rennes le Chateau, this just  shows how faultless Jane Jenson's stroytelling abilities are. To say that  they ending is controversial is an understatement. The interface is smooth,  akin to that of a 3D level designer, and I cannot imagine playing another  adventure game without it. The graphics are for the most part great, with  cartoony characters, it is a real testament(pun not intended...play the  game, you'll understand) to the game desingers, that despite the graphics  being cartoon in style, the game can be scary in parts. Despite not liking  Tim Curry's 'Gabriel' to begin with, the character grew on me, and he  really 'becomes' the character. Other voice talent is also well done...a  modern classic.
I had high expectations going into GK3... and I was not disappointed.  I'm a longtime adventure game fan, and it's been quite a while since I've played one of this calibre. I've always wanted the kind of total freedom  and interactivity the 3-D engine provides.  I hope Sierra is planning to  use it again.  Additionally, the storyline is first-rate and well plotted.  Gabriel and Grace are very human characters, and the way they relate to  each and develop was perhaps my favorite aspect of GK3.  Also, quite a  beautiful game.  If you love a good story, do buy it.
Throughout the years, I have played all the Quest for Glory games and really enjoyed them.  This latest one, Dragon Fire, is just as good if not better than the earlier releases.  According to today's technology, the graphics are a little cartoony, but it is still a wonderful adventure game.  So many times you get games with excellent graphics, but rotten storylines.  This isn't the case here.  You get to customize your character and the neat thing is, your actions determine what happens to you.  You can play the game over several times and not experience the same things.  It is also neat that characters from past games appear throughout your journey, but it doesn't affect your gaming experience if you've never played the Quest series.  I think these days you can find Dragon Fire in bargain bins, and of course here on Amazon, and it is well-worth spending a few dollars on.
Quest For Glory 5: Dragon Fire is not merely the end of a great series, but the end of an era for the entertainment compant Yosemite Entertainment. As a great fan of the series, &quot;Hero&quot; has journeyed from the town of Spielburg to the fog-ridden lands of Mordavia, Raseir, Fricana (not in this order) - and finally the village of Silmaria.In a game of this ilk, graphics plays second fiddle to storyline and gameplay, and it is in these two areas that Qfg5 excels. Transported to the island of Marete and its capital, Silmaria(modeled after ancient Greece), &quot;Hero's&quot; last adventure is fraught with peril and mystery. The music is professional orchestral, with sweeping tones unlike any other game I have encountered.Now to the plot. Decades ago, the peaceful island of Marete was plagued by a dragon. Seven pillars were constructed with ancient spells, forcing the dragon into its lair. Lately, however, following the brutal assasination of the King of Silmaria, invaders from distant lands rampage across the country, pillaging mercilessly. Compounding the trouble is the prophecy that the blood of a murdered being will destroy the pillars, freeing the dragon from its enchantment...An enthralling plot, filled with characteristic offbeat Lorey and Corey Cole humor, fantastic music and solid gameplay cement Qfg5's position as a good final instalment to the series and possibly the greatest of the Quest for Glory epics, sure to please fans of the series and provide a closure in &quot;hero's&quot; final adventure.
This sadly was the end of the QFG series, and to be honest it didn't sell very well, too many people didn't like the new graphics that came with it making it look like a final fantasy game.  However all Sierra was doing was updating it and being creative, and they came up with an amazing end game! It was like a 3 year pregnancy that took a fortune to make i'm sure, as basically all of the old characters come back from other games, a great reunion, a new story, the Hero can get married, and everything, and even the ability to import a paladin even if you don't have one.  This is an under rated Classic that has stood it's ground.  I say if you can find it, get it.
A lot of people didn't like Quest for Glory 5 when it was released, but I love it.  Yeah, the first time I played it, the controls were different than the previous four games, and it took some getting used to, but once I got used to it, I was in love.  It's got a nice, tie-up-the-loose-ends-happily-ever-after feeling about it.  And of course, it's got all the famous QG humor...including the bad puns and the moose head.  I have played this game I don't know how many times, especially now that you can download a patch for XP (it works great).
The first time I saw this game, way back in the early 90's, it looked interesting.  What became of that was many years, even including last year, of playing it non-stop until I bought the 3D version.The realism is  powerful, and the improved 3D graphics make this one game that will no  doubt live forever in the PC gaming hall of fame. What makes this game  different from all other flight sims is the campaign mode.  In the last  decade and even now, nothing has even come close to the feeling of building  your pilot up in rank, status, and medals.  When your pilot dies, you feel  awful, especially after days and even weeks, of intense combat and  intrigue, (Sometimes other famous pilots, like the Red Baron, will write  you a letter and challenge you to a duel!).  The campaign doesn't drag on  either, because the war ends as it did in real life in 1918, so you can  retire your score to the hall of fame board and start over trying to beat  your last pilot.Who needs multiplayer?  This game rocks, and I have  never met a person who hasn't thought thought this game to soar beyond  other flight sims.  The only others to come close are the good old Lucas  games, Battle of Britan and Secret Weapons of the Luftwaffe.Buy this  now, before it fades away and is pushed aside by evil marketing people who  care more about graphics and sound than FUN!  Fun is what games are  about, and Red Baron 3D is one of the last great games of the early days  that will always be there to go back to when flying games become ridiculous  and boring, much they have already become.
I originally gave this game a four star review--it deserves FIVE! Since purchasing this, I've tried many other games and NONE compare. For it's market, this game is number one! I've owned it now for over a year and still I enjoy it. Only in books have I experienced the ability that this game has in pulling you into the subject. If you purchase this, then you'll see the mastery that the designers injected it with. Happy flights!
Yes it is true! despite being released way back in, what was it, 1998? Red Baron 3D remains among the top tier of combat flight sims.If you are looking for this classic sim the bad news is that all original published copies are sold out. The good news is that used copies are not hard to find. Shop around and try to get the actual Red Baron 3D game and not the upgradeable Red Baron 2. Also, try and find a copy that includes the Red Baron 3D manual. This manual is chock full of everything you need to know about every aspect of the sim. There is also a large historical section devoted to the pilots and aircraft of the period covered in the sim and lots of period photos. It resembles a paperback novel more than manuals found with PC games these days.Other good news is that although the game/sim is old it has been lovingly modded and kept up to date by a large community of artists and programmers. The game in its current state of modification hardly resembles the game as it was originally shipped.The Campaign in RB3D remains to this day the standard to which all others are held. Really, there is nothing else in the world of 3D flight sims that can compare to it. It is the key reason why so many have been flying and modding this sim over the years. Very little about the campaign is scripted. Once you take off from your aerodrome how events unfold from then on depends largely on the decisions you make while in the air. While flying a mission there is a real sense of a war going on all around you. Looking off into the distance dogfights and ground fire that have nothing to do with your mission can be seen unfolding. I have seen planes little more than specks in the distance spinning out of control towards the  earth, shot down out of the sky trailing smoke.The game was programed to run with the now extinct Voodoo video cards and Glide API. There is a program called dgvoodoo that can be downloaded and installed that allows modern ATI and Nvidia cards to run the game in Glide, otherwise the game runs in Direct Draw and doesn't look nearly as sweet.Anyway, I wanted to write up this review because the sim is still in use and message boards with enthusiastic modders and simmers from all over the world are currently active and they are a great place to get  started and ask Qs about anything having to do with  Red Baron 3D or any of its many mods and patches.Here is a good place to start if you are ready to take the plunge!  [...].
Red baron 3-d is one of the best WWI flight simulator.  Its beath taking graphics and great gameplay, mix into one.  Good luck on your travels.
Diablo is one of my all time favorite games, this expansion adds the Monk (and the Barbarian if you know how) and also adds the Hive and the Crypt levels and tons of stuff and spells. Also it allows you to run in town, sounds like not much but that is a big deal to me.
I have been playing this game since I was a kid and still play it today. Its an amazing game and would highly recommend it to any pilot.
It's very entertaining.  The missions are pretty cool.  This is a huge game.  The online component makes it a blast!
This is one of the best games I've ever played. You can go mad in the streets of Chicago, unlock new cars by winning races, just cruise around testing your vehicle, download more cars off the internet including: Farrari F50, Ellinor from Gone in 60 seconds, aeroplane, ford excursion, chevorlet suburban, lego car, and many more, with lots being created every two or three days! This is the best game for driving like a blind man.
Midtown Madness is the only software title I've ever purchased that keeps  me and my son going back for more and more and more (for almost two years  straight).  It's also the only title I will never uninstall.  A metal goes  to the genious' at Angel Studios for coming to the obvious conclusion that  driving in circles is a drag but having free high octane access to the  streets of America's greatest city (Chicago) would be a blast and Midtown  Madness is simply that, blowing away every other racing title off the road.  And a big high five and kudos to Microsoft for putting it in the box so I  could buy it.  Why?  Because it has been brilliantly injected with a mondo  dose of what every red blooded American driver wants, freedom!  Pile drive  your way down side streets, alleys or Lakeshore Drive at 100 mph plus  during rush hour!  Destroy every mail box, phone booth and street sign it  sight all the while driving poor unsuspecting citizens from the sidewalk  just to listen to them scream!  There's no blood, no death, no four letter  words or flying middle fingers just pure unrestrained fun everytime you get  behind the wheel of a wide range of four wheelers like a Caddy, Bug, Semi,  city bus or Mustang (just to name a few).  It ran great when all I had was  an ATI 4mb video board (my system is PII, 450mhz), but now that I've  upgraded to an ATI 32mb board the visual MADNESS is nearly lethal.  And  when I've got a half dozen of Chicago's finest flashing those pretty reds  in my rearview mirror, doing everything in their power to ram me off the  busy city streets, I just know I'll be spending the night in cyber jail for  any number of serious moving violations, and isn't that what it's all  about!
This game is fantastic,and not to expensive. It has excellent great looking graphics,which are better than the game driver. Choose from different vehicles,choose whether you want more cops or less,the weather,and how much traffic on the road. It is great for just taking a drive on the road,i love it. Or great for just a spin.
This game, believe it or not, is better than MIDTOWN2 which supposed to be even more exciting than this! Midtown2 hasn't got realism nor excitement, but this game has both, although is not the newer version! The cars are perfectly detailed with their real average speed meter and control! The pedestrians in the game are sometimes business men, or tourists. They walk around streets and cross the road sometimes, just like REAL LIFE! And when you think you can kill them, they jump away from you! Midtown madness also downloaded meigs field airport with planes landing and taking off! And when speeding up your car, the cops follow you. You can sometimes get away from the cops as quickly as you can and not let them track you! You could also make the cops crash into other cars! All of this is part of the realism and excitement in the game! The other part also includes traffic lights! If you're interested into cruising around and obeying the law, one way of proving that, is to stop your car running while there's a red light! Also, you could always control life at Chicago! Before you cruise in chicago, go to the main menu and there you can change the population and traffic in the game! You can reduce the pedistrian density and the traffic density aswell. And don't forget, you could also reduce the cop density aswell! Proving this game could get more realistic, you could put in city sounds instead of music while driving! Or you could increase the detail in the game by going to the graphics option! Do not even forget, every time you cruise around, the music changes! And that my friends would not make you bored! When you're tired of cruising around, you could always win races to unlock special cars! Or you could also go to multiplayer and play cops v.s robbers match! I could go on and on but i'd better leave you here! And remember, it's up to you to buy this game! But my advice is to buy it!
You want to experience driving in the opposite direction in a highway? Do you want to beat the red light in a busy street? Do you want police cars chasing you as you dodge and turn every corner in a busy intersection.  Well, then grab this game. Forget about car physics with this game though  because the designers completely threw the laws of physics out the window.  However, prepare to have the the best car ride ever. You drive in Chicago  with a good choice of cars and a bus to boot. You can either race or just  casually drive the streets of the city.Graphics are beautiful and  well-detailed. Sound is not that great though. Gameplay rocks! I mean,  things you cant do in a real street you can do it here in this game and  it's almost as real as it gets. AI is kinda weak. They keep hitting each  other in an intersection. I hope they come out with a New York City  Edition. All in all, if you're after just the adrenaline rush of driving in  a city, then pick up this game. This game is best played with a Microsoft  ForceFeedback steering wheel.
Age of Empires, in my view, is a perfect strategy game. What else can you  expect from the creators of DOS, Windows 3.1, 95, 98 and 2000 (That would  be Microsoft of course :))Ok we'll start with the playabilty. I don't  think there's any game or series I have played more than AoE. The  possibilites are endless... what about a deathmatch with victory conditions  set to conquest for a huge game. Add a little twist... pick large islands  for your map type and barricade your island by building watch towers and a  wall all around it. Oh, and then build up a mighty fleet of juggernauts  (ships) and attack by sea.  Or how about choosing eight player mode and  allying with a few of them, then unselecting the Fixed Positions option and  placing your civilization next to your allies. For a touch of reality why  not play Persians versus Greeks?  I could go on forever...Then we have  graphics and audio. The graphics are beautiful, the objects are solid so  you don't get that annoying &quot;soldier walking right through tree&quot;  effect. This game is not new so that's quite an achievement. The colors are  bright, not dull or depressing. Audio, well could be better. The units'  vocabulary is limited to gibberish like &quot;Hamas&quot; and  &quot;Hoyo&quot;. But I guess that's because they're prehistoric and don't  have languages. AoE 2 fixes that problem with real phrases from over a  dozen languages. Repetitive backround music plays continuously.What  else? As it is not new, it runs perfectly without 3DFX, and a Pentium 200  PC is more than enough. A fast CD Rom is personally recommended because it  used to freeze up for a couple of seconds occasionally.As for the CONS  I'd have to say: The population limit. The limited audio.  The initial  difficulty of moving through the Ages.That's it. Get this game if you  like strategy!!
All these simulator games continue to come out but only one will remain less complicated. I called that Age of Empires. Don't know anything about the past of conquering and empires? Easy then. All you have to do for one easy game is attack the Greek if your the Egyptians and take over there government. Usually it is supposed to take a while and if you gain more points then the Greek, you'll be fine. Also you can play with a friend or with someone you don't know by using Zone.com from MSN, aka Microsoft. You can also do campaigns. Another thing you can do is be the Persians, Mongols, Chinese, Greek, Egyptian, Korean, even more or just create your own tribe and call it anything you want. The game isn't tough and for people like me who like the Conquering age, you'll like this game. Isn't like Civilization and Casear games which are complicated. So go ahead and buy Age of Empires today.WARNING: Age of Mythology is pretty useless. The Gods make no sense. Most of the game is made up rather than Age of Empires. Try the expansion packs if you want more action from a game maker like Microsoft Games...
Age Of Empires is a classic strategy game. It was one of the first I'd ever bought, and I got hooked. I have played every possible scenario and made a hundred scenarios myself.Everything about this game is brilliant - the campaigns are great, the random map is cool but my absolute favourite part of the game is the death match - I LOVE how you get 10,000 wood, gold, stone and food, it means you don't need to gather supplies you just can get right into building up your army.My favourite thing to do in any match, is kill off the enemy. I just love destroying everything! I'm not happy unless everything is destroyed.I like playing multiplayer and making my own scenarios (it's a laugh writing in the instructions and hints etc), but it gets kind of boring after awhile. But this doesn't draw away from the game itself.I love all the units, all the buildings and I'm in LOVE with the music. The soundtrack to this game is AMAZING. I love to use cheats I get off the net, it makes the game even more fun.Overall, a CLASSIC game that every strategy game enthusiast needs to play or own at one stage.
This one game represents the way PC is so incredible. This came out a  while ago and it still is one of my favorites. I find it challenging.  Microsoft Gaming Zone is getting really great too so you don't have to  worry about it being to complex. You will become hooked and be a quick Real  time strategy fan. This one is an Up-All-Nighter for you gamers. If you are  into RTS or no... get this game.
This game is absolutely wonderful.  I can't think of how anyone could make another game of the same genre that would rival it.  You begin way back at the dawn of man.  You have just villagers &amp; clubmen.  From there, you  size up &amp; use your assets to your best advantage;  villagers can chop  wood for houses &amp; buildings, mine gold for $$$$, mine stone for lookout  towers, fish, hunt, build stuff and...oh my.The strategy of this game is  what makes it so intoxicatingly good.  This is not a game where you can  just go out, play it a couple times &amp; have it completely mastered.  You  must learn how to use your assets to your best advantage &amp; how to  defend your village(s) against invasion.  Otherwise, you will be destroyed.With every mission comes new technology.  You can build heavy infranty  units, calvary, naval armadas, war elephants, catapults, priests....and the  list goes on and on.  The Gold edition also has the Roman Empire scenarios  which offer a few more neat tidbits such as camel riders and Fire galleys.  The only slight precaution I would have for anyone is to stay away from  making stone throwers on the Rome version.  They are next to  useless.Even when you have gone thru all the scenarios for this game  you're STILL not done.  You can have random scenarios constructed for you  by the computer and then there are the death matches (impossible if you  pick  7 armies against you).  You can also play the game on-line against  friends at the website (although you need a fast modem for this).  The fun  goes on &amp; on!So, if you like strategy games, this is one of the  very best, hands down.  Build cities, make them into empires and conquer  all the known world.  I can't recommend this game highly enough.
I love how cheap games become when they're outdated, esp. when the expansion pack comes with it. This game is worth more than what you're paying, IMO. Tons of maps, scenerios, campaigns, creating your own. You have lots of cheats, but after 2 straight weeks of playing, your skills will bump up high enough that you'll never need to use them, unless you're in a must-win bad mood. The 2 fun chats are for the priests & chariot archers that give them sonic speed; adding humor to the game & giving you a speed advantage durring wars. & nothing vents off real-world anger like declaring war & fighting it in a game. When you're done (if you win)you'll feel refreshed & happy with only cramped fingers as a casualty.
This game is as good today as it was when I first played it long ago.I have a higher end system and there is no problem running it. I think it must be the cheat codes built into the game(s). But it is still fun to play. So after a grueling day and I want to blow things up I play Ages of Empires, Rise of Rome.I was glad to see it at Amazon. and couldn't wait to get it back.
This was really my introduction into the strategy genre, and I loved it. Regardless to say, I really don't think the expansion pack (Rise of Rome) is all that spectacular. The expansion pack, I felt, featured some useless  units (Camel, Scythe Chariots, Armored Elephant) nothing that could really,  significantly boost gameplay. The new techs didn't help either, and their  wasn't a fix to computers or anything like that; but don't let this  discourage you.  Age of Empires really was what not only got me into  strategy games but into Ancient History as a whole. The guys at ES  (Ensemble Studios) did a great job with the history throughout gameplay.  Age of Empires has some great features including, (1) Chariot Archers,  which are probably the most overused unit (although that's not a bad  thing). (2) It also has the internet gameplay feature which is really what  sold this game for me. (3) Lastly, not only does it have good graphics (for  the picky, I can say at least for 1997) but it has the excellent ability to  play the DMs (deatmatches) and to make your own scenarios.
Real fun game with 3D movement and strategy. Soundtrack by YES and very good visuals for a game this old. I bought a new copy of Homeworld 2 the old one was scratched loaded it and no luck.Nothing worked, compatibility, as admin, nothing, and little online about a fix. So I thought what the heck see if H1 will play. Sure did. Loaded fast with my i7 2600 and plays real smooth. I set the graphics so high it slowed me down trying to read the fine print on selected units and mouse over ID's. H2 played on my Vista but H1 was buggy but did play. Opposite now and H1 plays like a dream. Still looks good for it's age and still a a lot of fun. Still looks good period. Save a good 20-30 bucks and buy a sure fire winner like this.Had 3 copies throughout the years. Going to baby this one for sure. Thanks windows for killing another favorite game of mine (H2). I did notice the original HALO sure does boot up fine on all Win releases. Stoopid monkey.
I bought Homeworld when it was first released, in 1999. When I first played the game, my reaction was the same as that of many others who have posted their reviews - the interface was difficult to master, the missions were too difficult. Eventually, I gave up and put Homeworld back onto the shelf. It's now 2001, and Homeworld has built up a huge following on the internet. So I re-installed the game on my computer...and got a major surprise.The first time round, I'd seen this games flaws. It DOES have a difficult to master interface. Its missions are VERY difficult to play - especially those set in the Garden of Kadesh nebula (missions 7 - 9). The big difference is that there are many sure-fire strategies posted on the internet that can assist you in getting past the more difficult missions.Once you've gotten used to the interface, and the totally new mind-boggling environment of real 3D space, Homeworld is a surprisingly enjoyable game. The graphics are what draw you in first. Two years after it was first produced, and I find the graphics to be totally entrancing. I'm not sure whether even new games like Sacrifice or Giants: Citizen Kabuto can surpass it...at least not without upgrading your PC to a 1GHz CPU.Like the Command &amp; Conquer games, you have to harvest resources and build a massive army. But there are two big differences - the space fleet you build in one mission is carried over into the next mission. I enjoy this aspect of the game - there's a deep sense of satisfaction when you see the massive fleet of 10 ion-cannon frigates, 5 destroyers and 2 heavy cruisers you just built.The second major difference is that you can capture other spaceships and add them to your fleet. Annoyed with those pesky multi ion-beam frigates attacking your mothership? Just send a squadron of salvage corvettes after them and capture the entire fleet! This is definitely one of the most important aspects of playing Homeworld - learning how to sneak a squad of salvage corvettes towards an enemy fleet.The story isn't terribly original. What is original is the style in which it is presented. This is no slick, Hollywood-produced motion-picture like Tiberian Sun or Red Alert 2. The production style is much closer to a pared-back Japanese anime. To be honest, despite the comparisons to Star Wars or Star Trek, Homeworld is a much closer relation to Star Blazers, Robotech or Macross. Especially when you have spaceships like the Heavy Cruiser (a very close relation to Robotech's SDF-1), or the Destroyer (Star Blazers fans will LOVE the wave-motion gun effects from its ion-cannons!).In conclusion, I strongly recommend Homeworld to strategy gamers with an open mind. When it was first released, very few people had the PC's with sufficient processing power to play this game. Now? If you have anything faster than a Pentium III 450MHz, then I can't recommend this game highly enough. It is a classic that you'll be hooked on and playing years from now. Just buy this game. You won't regret it.
Same applies as Cataclysm... &#34;Max rating to any Homeworld game. Loved this series when i was young, had to own copies again. Can't complain about quality as per its age, but in its day it was groundbreaking gameplay. TO THIS DAY no other game has matched its gameplay style effectively or been able to be as fluid. Graphically it was also impressive for its time!&#34;.
The greatest computer game I have EVER played has been changed to Homeworld.  I do not know how they pulled this off, but the first successful venue of taking real-time strategy (RTS) to 3D is an astounding success.  Perfect interface, lush graphics, and killer multiplayer.  Complaints, the single player game is kinda short, but there are expansion  packs on the way!
the only problem i have is that it's too difficult.  i'm not sure if it's adaptive.  i'm getting clobbered.  kinda reminds me of playing chess against the computer.so after the attack is in full force, i frequently find myself turning the game off.  why am i putting myself through this?  why is getting attacked by an armada fun ?  let me go read a walkthrough ...
PROS:1) Great single player storyline and plot with good cinimatics in between missions.2) Most missions are well thought out and unpredictable3) Optional Great graphics on powerful computers, optional great performance on slower computers4) Included multiplayer system works well and is free. Usually not to busy but there are always at least 20 people on. Usually over 50!!5) Build many kinds of ships, each having their own strenths and abilities.6) 3D enviorment is well designed and easy to manuver through.7) Use different formations, attack setting, grouping, etc. to make the most out of your attacks.8) Good sound effects and musicCONS:1) Harvesting system isn't the best ever, but works well on a good map2) Included map editor unreliable and hard to use3) focusing to close on a battle causes incredible lag, esspecially durring internet gameplay.4) The 2 different races almost exactly alike5) GRAVITY WELL GENERATORS PISS ME OFF (You'll know what I'm talking about when you start playing this game online!) :)6) More ships would be nice :).
My title pretty much sums it up. If you're like me, you've come from a gaming community who fell in love with Warcraft II &amp; Starcraft, but  slowly grew tired of the RTS (real-time strategy) clones that have followed  ever since then. And you think, &quot;No one can do it better than Blizzard  did back then.&quot;And for the most part, you would be right. But  what's this Sierra is claiming with Homeworld?  A 3-Dimensional RTS?  &quot;How's that possible?&quot; you ask. Well, I asked the same thing and  plopped my money down (after a while, since I was doubtful) but all my  reservations were quickly put to rest. Amazingly, it works. A true 3D RTS  on your flat, 2D screen. Sierra did it, and they did it well.And they  didn't stop there. They took the time to make the sound and music great.  But they didn't stop there either. It's the graphics which are the cherry  on top. It is simply BEAUTIFUL!  I've only played this game on my Voodoo 3  graphics card, so I don't know what it looks like without a good graphics  card, but you still won't be disappointed. Homeworld is a great game and  easily deserves all the awards it received.Other things to note: It is  not 3D in the sense you have completely unlimited height, width, and depth.  Height is somewhat restricted, like any gameboard, but not enough to hurt  the game, and certainly enough to give it the 3D effect you REALLY will  get. And you MAY find yourself getting tired of the RTS resource, gather,  fight cycle, as you inevitably do with other RTS's where tactics don't play  as much a role as you'd like. In which case, in all honestly, the demo may  be enough for you, so download and try that first--you'll love it.If  nothing else can be said about it, this can: It's a fresh approach on a  genre that was being overdone, and you'll get that initial &quot;Warcraft  II thrill&quot; you first did when you played it back in 1992, which I  honestly hadn't had since then, but was glad to have it for a while again  with this game.
all right home world is about a quest to find your home planet id tell you more but i would end up giving it all away, but what i can tell you is that you can research build and capture ships which makes it really awsome.i got this a long time ago but i think that it is so awsome that i still play it trust me youll love this game.
Homeworld's best features-graphics engine, scripting, control mechanics, narrative flow, and mission structure, are so fluid, so highly immersive, that it makes the experience far more than the sum of its parts. The  combination of large scale fleet actions and cinematic perspectives creates  the most impressive space combat ever made for a strategy game. Its like  being in the middle of, and in cotrol of, a Star Wars battle. 16 single  player missions can make for some short gaming time but most people go  through the campaign at least twice-its that good. In single player, you'll  encounter 2 races, aside from the  main one that your trying to  decimate.There are 26 units to choose from on each side, with 3 main  classes of ships-from the paltry fire of the scout, to the amazing might of  the heavy cruiser. The excellent use of 3D makes for some interesting  strategies, putting much imphasis on the element of surprise...To sum it  up, buy Homeworld for its engrossing real-time-strategy matched to a vital  and visually intense story, making this a gaming experience like none  other.P.S. You may want to check the Relic and Sierra message boards to  see what other people think of the game-plus it could help you along in  learning the basic components of the game.
What can one say when a game sucks you in so completely that time seems to collapse in on itself and become meaningless? Homeworld is one those rare games that is so solid that it really evolves as you play it. It does this  by providing the player with a rock-solid background story backed up by  superior game play. I highly reccommend that players READ the manual before  playing, because it gives you a tremendous amount of race history that  builds up the mystique for the race that you become responsible for.  Gameplay is relatively easy to master, and the learning curve is pretty  flat. It takes some getting used to the 3D battle field and selecting ships  to attack, and the fact that you cannot pause the action to assign targets  to attack is annoying, but beyond that if you practice you will get the  hang of it quickly.  I say visual and aural feast because it is! The  ship design is excellent, reminescent of Babylon 5 and Dream Pod 9's Mekton  sourcebooks for the Jovian Chronicles RPGs. The music is both subtle and  awe inspiring at the same time with its majestic and powerful choral  accompaniments that tug at your emotions as sure as the importance of  seeing the Mothership and her precious cargo safely to the homeworld.  If you've come here to expect blood splattering on walls or pouring out  windows, inconveniencing passersby with the spray, you will be  disappointed. This game is not 'extreme' nor does it 'kick @ss', instead it  inspires and propagates a whole host of emotions bordering on an intensity  rarely seen in a game before.  The story is equal to that of such epics  as Starcraft &amp; Broodwar, and Dark Forces II: Jedi Knight (I know it's  an FPS and not an RTS, but I'm talking about story not game type). It makes  getting the Mothership home an imperative and not just a reason to see the  end cut scene.  Additionally, YES has performed the title track for the  game, and itself is a nine minute epic, (as is most of Yes' music), that  compliments the game. When a supergroup like Yes pays attention to a video  game, it must be something special. HOMEWORLD is for anyone who loves  science fiction and good gaming all rolled into one.
Homeworld deserves EVERY bit of the game of the year accolade.I have never seen such a breathtaking and stunning game/piece of entertainment before, and I seriously doubt something like this will surface again the  next few decades.Is Homeworld the best game ever made? That is a tough  decission, but it sure comes pretty damn close!Anyway the  game/experience should be a must-have for anybody interested in a  completely controlable 3D universe, science fiction, tactics, space,  simulations, strategy and an extraordinary experience.
An old gaming buddy of mine, Stooge_Baal, introduced me to Homeworld, and when I first played it I had some misgivings about the game.1) It was a resource hog for the time it came out, which made my system drop out and glitch every now and then.2) The missions were limited in terms of scope.  The game itself was so immaginative and impressive that I think some attention was lacking in designing the missions.  They're impressive, but could've been so much more.3) I couldn't pilot a single ship.  I was delegated strictly to the role of admiral/fleet-captain.  I couldn't jump into the cockpit or bridge of one of these ships, and take a hands on approach to fighting.Ergo my following thoughts; there are so many positives about this game that I can't help but give it five stars.  However, if I were to make a mod or have the developers create an expansion for Homeworld, it would be to create a "realism" mode where players could fight over vast distances.  I'm talking millions of kilometers here; AU size strategic ranges, with perhaps tactical distances being more akin to modern BVR engagement for today's jet fighters.  I also would love to be able to have been able to pilot one of the ships, and/or man a gun turret while my AI controlled the rest of my assets.Otherwise, in terms of graphics this game is visually striking.  And I truly mean that.  Vivendi did their homework when it came to developing this game, and it was created with love and passion for the science fiction space opera genre.The music, story and backgrounds are blended supurbly.  This is truly an impressive production, but, like I say, I had my own personal misgivings of what I wanted.  Still, my personal tastes shouldn't detract from what surely is quality game design.Like I say those are just my personal takes on what else I would have liked in this this game.  I know it's been about ten years since this game first came out, and seeing as how the whole franchise seems to have been put permanently on hiatus, the possibility of this series being revived are slim and none.  Too bad, because it deserves better.Homeworld is the space-game other corporate driven studios would have loved to have produced, but, because of their own power structures dictating their creativity, can't.  They're incapable of doing so, and when they tried tended to botch the effort.If you haven't tried Homeworld, then do yourself a favor and buy a used copy.  Every good science fiction fan owes it to themselves.  The missions are somewhat linear, and lack what could have been a larger dynamicism, but the gameplay is respectable enough that you should be able to enjoy the story and wonderful graphics that rival today's top of the line space-sims.
I haven't even finished it yet (it's been ages since I started) but this game is wonderful; the ship designs, the full-3D perspective and the interface all work together to create an incredible game. The in-game music  is hauntingly wonderful as well.
We all know about real-time strategy (RTS) games.  We all remember that Comand and Conquer and Warcraft were the first, providing the giant shoulders that countless game developers would stand on in an attempt to cash in on the latest gaming fad.  A few standout RTS were developed in the  wake of Warcraft, but not many.Enter Homeworld.  From the moment you  enter the tutorial, it is blindingly obvious that this game will be like  none you have EVER played.  You manage your units in true 3D space, using a  brilliant combo of mouse actions and hotkeys to position the camera, group  and move units and more, and while awkward at first, the system becomes  second nature after a short while.The graphics are indeed stunning, but  the beauty of Homeworld is GAMEPLAY.  In a day when most RTS are rehashed  Warcraft or C&amp;C, Relic has created a game that truly feels like it's  happening in space.  Epic starship battles happen at your fingertips, and  brilliant in-game cutscenes and plot twists help move the game along  without a break in the immersion.  This game was so awesome, I was too  intimidated to play it when I first got it.  Ladies and gentlemen, we have  a winner.Bored of the same ol' RTS?  Get Homeworld.  Just do it.  Trust  me.
Spectacular! This is easily one of the best games I have ever played! The graphics are wonderful, and the ease of scrolling and views you can take are second to none! Some RTS games such as Far Gate, Star Trek Space Armada and Empire Earth slow up to be impossible to play when you have a lot of units in play, but with Homeworld this is not a problem. Game creaters could learn a lot from this!A great feature is the amount of space warfare you get to do. I love that! As I was going through the game I started to feel a bit as though the missions were a little too easy, as I was using the same strategy for aboutt hree of them with success, but I realised that I has spoken too soon! I am right on the last part of the game now and I am finding it impossible to beat. I can't believe that after only just managing to beat one wave of ships, another one appears immediately with the same fire power.I haven't had any problems with the inteface. I find its complexity adds to the realism of the game.
Except maybe CTP II just around the corner. Activision managed to include enough game details to keep it interesting. The game excels in:- Span of years. You play over 6000 years - Great graphics. - Average diplomacy  features. - superb stealth units like Spy, Lawyer, Corporate Branch that  can be used to dominate your opponents without military battles. - broad  range of inventions and wonders of the world that you can create to earn  extra points.Finally, someone has the proper equation figured out!
The Civilization collection is one of the best of all time.  This has the same idea as civ 2 and family but has a diffrent game play.  The game has changes in three major ways;  1, you now use the mouse alot more instead of  the keyboard.  2, Instead of seattlers to build roads you now use Public  Works or PW.  I like this idea of the game better.  3, you can now bombard  units.  You basically attack them without attempting to take over their  square. This is one of my favorite additions.  The diplomatic options are  better and you can build more units and improvements.  I would HIGHLY  RECOMMEND to anyone anyone who likes straitgy games.
This is a collection of the first 7 King's Quest game covering a history going back to the mid-80s.  Therefore the earliest of these games are quite primative, but have a nostalgic charm to them, and all the games have fun fantasy stories with a wonderful, light sense of humour.When the first King's Quest came out it was at the vanguard of game design.  Unlike the text adventure games common at the time (some of which had a few static graphics), here you could see your character moving around an actual environment and interacting with objects.  The games themselves are quite simple (basically, they are just treasure hunts where you have to find the right object and take it back to the correct character to trade for another object, etc.) but charming.  The interface on these earliest games are parser, as opposed to point and click, meaning (with the exception of movement by cursor keys) you have to type in commands in order to tell the character what to do.  This had its disadvantages (at times, you know what to do but not how to say it), but it also had its advantages (there was less room for guessing by just clicking your inventory objects on the hotspot one at a time).In KQ1 and 2, the puzzles are mainly based on remembering rhymes and fairy tales (e.g., you know Little Red Riding Hood needs a basket to take to her Grandma's house), but with KQ 3, the storylines start to become more complex and original and interesting, and actual problem solving starts to come into play. And with KQ4, the graphics start to become more artistic (although still primitive by today's standards).KQ5 is the first one with a point-and-click interface, and suffers from the problem that it is easy to solve puzzles by just clicking inventory items at random instead of by thinking, (and many of the puzzles are obvious at any rate, especially when you find the right object) but the enjoyable storyline makes up for this.  KQ6 (designed with the help of Gabriel Knight's Jane Jensen) is clearly the best story-wise, and has some challenging puzzles (save often to avoid frustration).  KQ7, the first designed for release exclusively on cd-rom, has the best graphics of the series (even better than the 3D crap in #8) and includes a world straight out of a Tim Burton movie that is especially fun to explore, but is geared towards a younger audience (even then, I enjoyed the story and interesting puzzles with multiple solutions).  Unlike Lucasfilm games, the characters in KQ can die and, if this happens, you have to restart from a saved game, but it is sometimes fun to see how many different ways they can die (for #7 it is the most entertaining part of the game).Included is the newer version of Mixed Up Mother Goose where young players help to recreate mother goose rhymes by reuniting characters with lost objects (no death in this one).  The original MUMG had a certain charm, but only toddlers will fail to find this one annoying. Also included are both Laura Bow mysteries (about a girl detective in the 1930s), which are fun to play but are convoluted and very frustrating to solve (especially since they are in real time, so while you observe something important in one room, you often miss something else important in another room).  Several text games that came out pre-KQ1 are also included (which will help newer players understand why KQ1 was so revolutionary).Most of these games would no longer be worthwhile on their own except as nostalgia (KQ6 and 7 (and maybe 5) being the exceptions), but as one package this is a wonderful buy and leaves one hoping that a KQ9 will come out and repair the damage caused by that travesty, KQ8.
This is truly a remarkable collection and a great buy.  But the best game herein, in my opinion is &quot;The Colonel's Bequest&quot;.  That's the only reason why I got this collection.If you're an Alfred Hitchcock fan,  you'll love this game.  It's very reminiscent of the movies  &quot;Psycho,&quot; (there's even a funny shower scene as a tribute) and  &quot;Rope&quot;.  Set in the swamps of Louisiana in 1927, a young college  girl accompanies her friend to the friend's family reunion on a secluded,  run-down Civil War plantation.  After the head of the family tells his  relatives and servants that his wealth will be ditributed to them equally  when he dies, murder and mayhem soon follow.  As an earlier reviewer  stated, this game is great for a cold, dark night.  Many details and  occurrences of this game are exciting and haunting: from the ghost of a  teenage girl in the cemetery and the discovery of the family Bible in the  Chapel, to the stories Celie (former plantation slave) tells you of how it  was in the old days and the notes and letters left behind by the original  land owners who saw that their end was near (referring to the spread of the  Civil War).  This game is full of mystery and suspense.  Despite its aged  EGA graphics and typing interface, it will still captivate any gamer who  has a hunger for suspense. Regardless of how much graphics, video, and  sound improves, this reamins my all-time favorite game.
For those of you criticizing the prices here on Amazon for this amazing collection i find it kind of funny. Most of you (myself included) have no problem plopping down 50 bucks for a new game but when it comes to the greatest collection of games EVER released including the first 7 Kings quest games, and a remake of the first 1 - with better graphics only available in this collection  as well as a host of other classic adventure games and other bonuses to numerous to list 100 bucks or so starts to sound like a bargain - and believe me you probably wont save any money on ebay on this one - hard to find is a gross understatement. (Supply and demand)I have my copy and i love it.
Ok, I was very surprised when i got this. I used to have laura bow 2, which is an awesome detective game, but i lost it. So, i saw that it was in this collection, so i payed for it alone, because it is worth it. Then after i got this collection and played lb2 awhile, i decided to try king's quest. The first game is awesome, even with the 4bit graphics! I still haven't beaten them all. I beat kq 1,6, and 7. This collection also made me go out and buy king's quest 8, which is a new game.Overall this collection is worth ten time what you pay for. You get like 11 full games. Buy this as soon as you can!
A fun role playing game at which when I play I can lose myself in the world of urakI would recomend the game to anyone over the age of 13.
The first thing that catches you about Lords of Magic is the music. There were a number of times I'd pause the game at night and leave it on just to have the music playing in the background as I slept. Yes, the soundtrack is THAT good. Once you've digested that, the ease of gameplay becomes LoM's most attractive (and important) feature. LoM is one of the games that lifted battle control from the old Darklands model, and rightly so; there's a reason Darklands still has a core of followers after almost eight years on the market. The maps are gorgeous, the sound even better, the game easy to play and engaging. The only drawback is that the voices get repetitive at times, but the developers thankfully included an option to turn them off. Few games are this good at what they do and deliver what they do as simply and attractively.
The title says it all. This game has a feel of magical and fantastical proportions. From the graphics, to the music, to the units. Everything lends to an atmosphere unrivaled in any other game.The strategic aspects of the game are not great, but the tactical combat is excellent. Battles can be hard until you learn a few tricks, such as using parrying warriors as decoys, or flying missile units.The best part about the Special Edition(the only one you can get), though, are the epic quests. They are TRULY epic, with two that are REALLY REALLY epic. My favorite is the good old fashioned Arthur quest. You get to play as Arthur, Merlin, Lancelot, and the rest of gang through a story derived from Sir Thomas Malory's version of the Arthurian legend.All in all, this game is worth every penny you spend on it.
The one thing you need to know about this game right away is that it will pulverize you with some frequency. If you are not a patient gamer this game is probably not for you because chances are you will need multiple play-throughs before you are able to beat it for the first time.That being said, if you are the type that enjoys a good challenge and doesn't mind the AI kicking you in the pants periodically then by all means get this game. It is one of those classics from the golden age of gaming that most people have overlooked and is worthy of any strategy fan's collection.The game actually takes place on two levels, the first is the strategic map which is turn based and is where you recruit units, gather resources, explore and build your empire. The next level is the tactical battlefield where your forces battle in real time engagements. Of the two the second is by far the most fun as the first is very slow going even if you have multiple scout units running around.Possibly one of the best parts of the game is the other factions and how they react to you. Each faction can be dealt with in different ways. You can ally with them and eventually absorb them into your empire. You can conquer them and take their lands by force, or you can just leave them alone and let them do their own thing. Just don't expect them to leave you alone forever, they're trying to win the game too.The graphics and sound effects are of course dated but for their time period they're very well done and despite their age I actually found that I enjoyed the look and feel of it all. The strategic map is vast and diverse, and while the tactical arenas are more or less cut and paste I never felt like I was fighting on the exact same battlefield against the exact same opponent.So if you don't mind dated graphics and SFX and are up for a challenge then I would say get this game and have a blast. A final warning, guard your hero well, anything happens to him/her you'll find yourself starting over in a hurry.
I can't sToP pLAYinG.!!! I rediscovered this game after running into a mod site (got google? Keyword mantera gs5 impz xorgate lomse) and downloaded the mod and more importantly MODIFICATION TOOLS that allows access to the game's engine to edit spells units artifacts and other aspects of the game's engine.Fundamentally, the game is still the same, with that unique ability to barter and beg  6 wildcats for 1  Xena  from other, more clever AI players that makes it so unique among these types of games. However the mod (and you need to get this game if only to check out the mod and aforementioned mod tools), changes things in such a way to correct bugs left over from the final Special Edition release and the later LOMSE.exe beta patch and added a few extras such as AI security for capitol and the temple.Even without the mod this game is slamming!!!.Load times for dungeons and encounters are quick on the XP Pentium 4's and though the mouse moves way to fast for overland and combat scroll, the keyboard arrow keys work just fine.After 8 years LORDS of MAGIC did not get older, it got better.UPDATE --A fan "finished" the game with release of a 3.02 patch that corrects some problems from the earlier released 3.01 beta patch (use keyword search as described above to find both patches).
This is the ultimate version of Simcity.  The newer version has more bells and whistles, but the game is essentially the same.  Plus the new version is a memory/resource hog.  In this version the urban renewal kit is the  best part of the game.  It's great to play together with kids (8 - 12)  making it a good family game, also.  If you like thought provoking, fun and  educational games, this one is a winner!
Sim City 2000 is a great game for anyone who wants a challenge and of course a ton of FUN!! In this game you are the mayor and you control the fate of your city. You build the roads, power plant(s), and other special buildings, do the zoning, and let the Sims do the rest. However disasters do happen. So be on the alert! Tornadoes, earthquakes and much more can decimate your city! HERE ARE SOME HELPFUL HINTS AND SECRETS FOR YOU:1) When building roads make the area within them 6x6. Sims like to be three spaces or less away from roads on all sides of them.2) When zoning put industrial at least three spaces away from residencial. Hey, would you like living nextdoor to a noisy, smelly, smokey factory? Well I sure wouldn't!!3) If you don't want disasters to happen to your city, simply click on the "Disasters" bar at the top of the screen and select "No Disasters."4) Finally, if you want to know the ultimate code then hear this: All you have to do is type in the letters: imacheat.
This game is good at first.  It's also very challenging.  But after you have played it for a while, it tends to get really boring.However, if you like games by Maxis, then this is a must-see.  Maxis makes great games  that are written very well.
I just picked this limited edition box-set ..., and definantely am thankful I did. If you can find it somewhere, grab it.GK games did for mystery games what 'Command and Conquer' did for real-time strategies. Add the supernatural element and you got two great classics! The soundtrack CD that comes packaged is worth the price alone, as Robert Holmes composes some of the most beautifully eerie music.If you see this LE box-set, snatch it up!
Gabriel Knight wants to be a slacker and a writer--it turns out he has a destiny instead, one that sends him tracking down voodoo priestesses and werewolves on a regular basis.The first Gabriel Knight game had an  excellent story and cool characters, even if they were just little sprites  running around.  The Beast Within, the second game, really came alive with  superb use of FMV, and excellent casting (for everyone except Gabriel, but  the rest are so good, and even he shines sometimes, that you don't mind too  much).  Plus, the story is rich and complex, drawing from reality and  fiction equally, and blending them so skillfully, you aren't sure what's  &quot;real&quot; and what isn't by the time you're done.And the  music...wow.  I'm not even referring to the opera they wrote--the score for  the game itself had me on the edge of my seat more than once.  You owe it  to yourself to play these games, now!
I only recently discovered Gabriel Knight and immideately became hooked on the series.  They involve very real feeling characters, historical facts  tweaked juuust enough to make a mystery, and environments to explore that  leave you with just the right feeling of creepyness.The first game is a  bit old, but the graphics are still wonderful and the storyline is great.  (The voice acting is top notch as well, featuring a cast that includes Tim  Curry and Mark Hammill)  The setting is New Orleans and you play the role  of Gabriel Knight, a struggling southern man who owns a failing bookstore  and who dreams of writing murder/mystery novels.He follows a series of  odd mutulation murders that have voodoo undertones to them to research the  novel he's trying to write -- and is inadvertantly plunged into a side of  reality that he didn't know existed, and learns of his family's heritage  steeped in fighting such darkness.The second game is a cinema quality  live action game with actors.  I was highly impressed at the acting skills  Sierra had managed to recruit and how involved the gameplay was.While  the first game focused on New Orleans, the second takes place in Germany as  Gabriel is called upon his first true role as a Shattenger (Shadow Hunter)  to deal with a werewolf that has been mauling people on the edges of town.  You take up the role of Gabriel again as he explores the streets of  Germany, and his assistant Grace who follows after him and tries to track  him down.One word of warning, although there is no blatant nudity, there  is blood, profanity, and some implied sexuality.  This isn't a game for the  kiddies.Neither of these games are quickie things that could be finished  in one evening.  They both promise long gameplay and good replayability.  As an added bonus the novel gives you an insight on the characters that the  games can't.  I highly reccomend purchasing this package, especually if  you're a diehard adventure gamer.
It's been a long time since I've played this game.Finding this on Amazon was a thrill. It brought back many happy memories. Back then, I had experienced a crash somewhere around day 7 for Gabriel Knight 1, so I have not completed either game.  Both games are extremely fun and somewhat educational. You tend to learn things about voodoo and werewolves.The second Gabriel Knight is more like an interactive movie and of course, the graphics are a lot better. And ole' Gabe's assistance, Grace, plays more of a role in the second one as well.By doing a little research, I found out that playing both games on a modern windows platform IS possible. You'll need a DOS program.I don't know what it is about this game but it's one of my top favorite video games. This may not be for everyone, though. Those that like the shoot em up, car chasing type of games should look elsewhere. But for a rainy day or just looking for something to do, then this game is for you.
What can I say?  The Gabriel Knight series is to traditional 3rd person adventure what the MYST series is to atmospheric 1st person adventure:  the best of its kind.  Briefly put, they follow the adventures and experiences of author and bookstore owner, Gabriel Knight, as he unravels various occult mysteries and at the same time explores his odd heritage.The stories are incredibly engaging and well developed;  the author, Jane Jensen, put a remarkable amount of research into the subject matter.  The characters are likable and believable, and the voice acting -- and in GK2, the acting -- is some of the best.  Everything about these games is excellently done.For the collector, the GK series is a little history of the adventure genre.  GK1 is made with the 2D animation typical of the early 90s, while GK2 explores the FMV trend popular in the middle of the decade.  In both the main action consists of finding and applying inventory items and gathering information by talking to a wide range of characters, with a spattering of arcade type puzzles and brain teasers to keep things interesting.  One feature that I liked was that you are awarded points for completing puzzles, but you don't have to complete every puzzle to complete the game.  This makes the games highly replayable as you can play through once for the bones of the story and then play again to go back and pick up what you might have missed the first time.  There are also a lot of fun easter eggs that you can stumble on by chance.Though the subject matter is sometimes grim, dealing with murders, conspiracies, and such occult subjects as voodoo and werewolves, there is a levening of humour in the character interactions that keeps the darkness at bay.I found these games totally absorbing; it was not unusual to play for 7 - 10 hours at a stretch without even realising it.  They are also very long -- a plus as far as I'm concerned -- taking a week to ten days to complete.  You can be killed, but it happens rarely and when it does you are given the option to try again from a point right before you made your fatal mistake, so if you haven't saved recently it isn't such a big deal.Die Hard fans of first person, MYST-like adventures may have a hard time relating to the Gabriel Knight series because it's so different, and players of shooters or pure action games will probably not like GK at all.  If you like games like _The Longest Journey_, however, you will like these.The collectors edition pack contains a lot of extras -- books, soundtracks, and the like.  That's a plus and well worth having, because I was so sorry when the games were over that I wanted to keep reliving the experience again and again.  I'd pay twice the price just to have one of these games.  They truly are the best.
I really enjoy this game.  There are seven fractions that all broke up when they landed on the planet.  You must choose to represent one.  There are several changes that this game made along with improvement, A.) There  is now a concel that all the countries make up.  When issues arive they all  go to meet on the issue.  You can run for planetary governew where you are  essianly the leader of union.  I really enjoy this and it opens up the  option for a diplomatic victory.  B.) You now have boarders.  This is  simple where your city limits are.  An improvement for a possible AC2 would  be that you can move the boarders by notation and not but building a city.The one thing I did not like about this game was the tech tree.  I never  felt like I was in charge.  Only having seven diffrent fractions,  (countries) may seem like a down fall but if you stick with one fraction  you will become bitter rivals with other fractions.I would highly  recommend this game.  There is the enivitable question of wiether it is  better than Civ2.  That of course is tough compition but considering that  Civ2 came out a few years ago AC was able to update some parts.  I think AC  has a slight egde but CIV2 was more impressive for its time.
Alpha Centauri is perhaps one of the best strategy games ever. I really like the way you can change your environment with the formers. I usually create rover formers and run with those. They're the same as rovers only can move 2 squares instead of the usual one so you do more faster!@!@I start at the edge of my continent and continuously raise terrain adding new area that I can plant colony pods on. Simple by today's standards, but I just can't stop playing it!!
I have played many types of Civilization type games - from the original Civilization to the current Civilization III and everything in between.But I keep getting drawn back to the fantastic Alpha Centauri by Sid Meier and company.  Although sort of a sequel to Meier's highly popular Civilization II, it is just different enough to be easily the best civilization type computer game currently available.From it's highly interesting beginning at the start of the colonization of a totally Alien world, you can take your choice of factions to total Transcendence - going beyond humanity and almost becoming a god.  There are more different ways to play this game then there is space to review it.  Do you want to try you luck as the Scientist and research your way to the top?  Or do you want to have Peace with the Peacekeepers?  Or do you want to conquer the world with a religious fervor?  These are just a couple of the great factions available during game play.The interface is one of the better ones available, and allows you to choose from many options which will help you when saving and playing the game.  Turning on and off the sound, the secret project movies, and custom tailoring the game to what you want it to display is fairly easy.  There's even an &quot;Auto-Save&quot; feature which is a nice touch if you need to break away form your game quickly.  There are still many people that play and use this game online, and the online interface is just as easy to use as the rest of the game.The science fiction setting gives a totally new way to look at a colonization game.  Although some fans of sims might find the units and their names a little strange, you can and you will get into designing your own military might quickly.  The unit design feature is a nice touch - it allows you to create a unit with exactly the type of weapons, armor and abilities you want to use in your next encounter with your neighbors.Meeting with your neighbors has never been more challenging - the AI for this game is fairly intuitive and you will find yourself wondering how the computer knows to make each faction react the way it does.  Do you want to trade with your neighbors or just conquer them?  The richness and vast number of choices to make may seem overwhelming to someone totally new to colonization games, but the depth of what is available will keep you coming back for more.It's unfortunate that the expansion disc, &quot;Alien Crossfire&quot;, seems to be unavailable.  But even without that expansion disc, what other computer games have spawned a role playing game?  Steve Jackson Games recently published a GURPS version of Alpha Centauri, and that alone should give players a warning that this game will have you hooked quickly.My only dream is that both discs will be released as a single package someday.  Still one of my most played discs.  One of my very highest recommendations.
I don't really know where to begin, but perhaps a good place to start would be to discuss the in-depth story this game has.  There is a SERIES of books based off of this game!  Sid Meier's as a company in my opinion did not do enough to hype this game, because this game is SO MUCH BETTER than civilization!!!  It's like civilization of the future!  They should take this game and ADD IT to the Civilization as a future technology expansion, like have different planets you could zoom into and run.  Isn't that really the next step for civilization anyways?  MARS!  ALPHA CENTAURI!  THE MOON!  Ect.  lol  There are a few things you have to get used to in this game, like for example, you can CUSTOMIZE yor units with different armor, weapons, ect. and they build fast/slower depending on how much they cost ect.  So you see how it can get a little tricky, but you can leave everything standard if you want.  Like I said this game has TONS of depth and in my opinion is BETTER than Civilzation 4 (which I have and am not happy with)  Civ 4 is too much hype and not enough game play.  It's fun, but Alpha Centauri just DOES IT BETTER.  This game draws you in and keeps you telling yourself, 'Just one more turn'.  Until 8 hours have gone by and you're thinking to yourself, 'Just ONE MORE turn.'  lol  I don't know what else to say about this game except I'm hoping to acquire the expansion pack and I hope that Sid Meier's gets a clue and makes a 2nd version of this game.
Sid Meier's is kind of a one-act-show when it comes to games, basically most of what I've seen from him has been turn-based strategy games with single-unit armies, such as Civilzation and this game, but I must admit, he's good at what he does, and I don't blame him for not leaving his comfort zone.  Alpha Centauri is pretty much Civilization with an alien, futuristic twist.  Definitely appeals to the game types that I like, and this game does not disappoint.  It's always fun to see if I can beat my former accomplishments in this game and it never gets old.
I'm sure if you've been looking at this game you've probably also played the Civilization series.  This game has a similar blueprint to Civilation, but at the same time is quite different.It starts off as your average civ-building game with the five crashed faction colonies setting up separately.  As one of the faction leaders, you have particular bonuses.  You start off with a town, a couple technologies, and you're off and running trying to build up your tech tree, economy, military, and lots of cities.Instead of barbarians though, you're fighting worm-like lifeforms with "psionic" attack abilities that can bypass your normal defenses.  In time you can learn to defend better against them and even harness these capabilities yourself, which makes an intriguing extra layer to the combat here.  These worms also figure into somewhat of an overarching storyline as well, as told through various dream sequences your faction leader has throughout.One great thing about this game is how you can create your entirely own units.  For example, if you don't like the design vehicle unit with the antimatter weapons and speed upgrade, you can run to the prototyope shop and swap those out with psionic weapons and the ability to paradrop (so long as you have the right technologies).  Plus, not only can you upgrade the weapons and armor on just about any unit you've already built, but you can swap it out for different bonus abilities (such as paradrop), though all for a price.  This leaves you with the ability to have the upgrade and alter all the units at your desposal to your needs, rather than on regular Civ games where you might get stuck with a useless cavalry unit because you can't upgrade it into a tank.The best part may be how immersive it is.  Alpha Centauri boasts leaders with unique personalities that shape how you interact with one another.  Whenever you research a technology, it features original quotes by these leaders (and occasionally by other less important figures) that can be funny, enlightening, and possibly even mind-boggling.  Add to that a veritable storyline that has different outcomes based on the methods you use to beat the game and it is probably the most creative and fully-realized fictional universe put into a strategy setting.Having replayed it recently the only drawback I can find with this game is the AI.  While not necessarily bad, once I got used to the game mechanics again the AI is just a bit too easy even on the highest difficulty setting.  I don't know if thats because the AI hasn't aged well, or I just played this game so much that I know it inside and out, not to mention help from all the other strategy games I've had practice with in the intervening years.Long story short: this is the most memorable Civilization game, and probably even strategy game altogether, I have ever played.  Definitely worth a look if you can find it for a decent price.
This is one of the best games Sid Meier has ever made. This game is very much like Civ II, but even better. It's so addictive that you should be prepared to spend hours and hours on playing this game. If you like Civ I  and Civ II, and the other Sid Meier game, this is a must buy!
This is an excellent game.  Though this is a sequel to Civ II there is no need to have experience on that game.  This new game eliminates the blurring of history periods that occurs in Civ II.  It also allows for  different kinds of victories.  It further has many customization options.  Then there are the nuclear weapons!  WOW!  You can upgrade the warheads and  the bombs get more and more powerful.  At one point you can vaproize about  20 squares and as many cities that would be in that area!  The mushroom  cloud that accompanies the strike is most impressive.  Unlike a lot of sims  out there, this one come with very complete information and manuals.  If  you enjoyed Civ II or the builing empires kind of games this is a MUST  HAVE!
Civilization II was the first turn-based stategy game I ever played. Heck, it was the first strategy game I ever played period. And it was amazing. Take control of a civilization and guide from the dark ages all the way to the launch of a space ship to an alien world. The only way you can possibly describe a game that attempts to simulate all of history is EPIC. Civilization II was greatly loved, and with good reason. It was quite possibly the most addictive strategy game ever when it was released. So when people heard about a sequel to what many considered the greatest game of all time...Alpha Centauri. In my opinion, this IS the greatest computer strategy game ever, to say nothing of the greatest turn-based computer strategy game ever. There is just so much to love.First, this game is amazingly engineered. It had VERY low system requirements when it came out, and runs fantastically on a modern machine. The interface is brilliant. The graphics are clean and detailed. The background sounds are perfect. When a technology comes up, you get a voice reading about it, when you build a wonder, you get a cool movie to watch.And there are so many ways to play within each game. You can micro-manage everything, telling your formers exactly what to do, telling every city exactly what to build, designing your own unit types. Or you can set formers, cities, and units to be completely automatic.And of course each leader you can choose has distinct advantages and disadvantages, lending themselves to different playstyles. It would take quite a while to master every faction and playstyle in this game.And I haven't even gone into the multi-player, the senarios, and the fact that almost EVERYTHING in the rules of the game is customizable. I believe there are about seven or eight ways to win! But of course the the harder ways take longer and give a higher score...In conclusion I will say this. This would be a great game if it were merely civilization in space. But what makes it the best of all time for me is the story. There is a sci-fi storyline to this game, and when interacting with other faction leaders you almost feel like you're watching a historical epic with you as one of the main characters (at least that's how I felt the first time I played). I once even found myself daydreaming about conversations I was having with different faction leaders. Maybe I had just gone a little too long without sleep, maybe I was just playing a little too much, or maybe...this is the greatest strategy game ever made. Now to get back to reading the prologue I downloaded off of the offical website and download some wallpaper...
My opinion of this game is basically this: wow.I am confident in saying this is my favorite game of all time.  When I started playing this game, I thought it was a war game and only thought of it as that.  Even though I was TERRIBLY wrong, you can still treat Alpha Centauri simply as a war game and be 100% satisfied with it.  However, it's so, so, so much more.  I've been playing it for over a year now, and I'm still learning new features and aspects of the game that I never noticed.  I like how if you are a beginner, you can set base production to "governor" and that will direct production according to your current priorities if you don't really know what you're doing yet.  Also, there are multiple ways of achieving victory, not just conquest like most games.  These include: conquest (conquer everyone), diplomatic (get elected supreme leader), cooperative (destroy enemies and share victory with allies), economic (monopolize the planet's economy) and transcendence (begin the next stage of human evolution).  There may be one or two I forgot about, but as you can see it's more than simply a war game.  However, like in reality, you will need to maintain a military to defend yourself against more aggressive factions.I love how the game lets you customize certain things.  Your government isn't limited to despotism, monarchy, democracy, etc...  You get to choose how your government works on many different levels, such as values, economics, etc...  Also, you get to design your own units.  Want a swarm of fighters to intercept enemy aircraft without a huge support cost?  You got it.  Want a few units equipped with nerve gas that you can paradrop into your enemies terrirory just in case things get desperate?  You got that too.  There are so many combinations you can create, it gives the game more depth than most.I suppose the biggest negative factors are 1)it's complexity and 2)it's similarity to the Civilation series.  However, these are minor as 1)there are ways of simplifying gameplay and once you understand it's complexity, you only get that much more out of the game and 2)even though it is similar to Civilization, there are also many differences and I think this game is far superior to any of the civilization games.I could go on and on about the game, but I highly recommend you at least download the demo and give it a chance.  I am comfortable saying if you give it a fair chance to win you over, your time will not be a waste.
I've played 'Um Jammer Lammy' when it first came out. It was as great than as it is now. A huge bonus/unlock once you complete the game on a certain difficulty is all the levels but played as Parapa the Rappa! And yes, Rapping!I'm not sure what kind of person you have to be to like this game, but for the going price for a brand new disc here on amazon at $0.98 you can't go wrong. And in refrence to one review I saw, YES THERE IS A TUTORIAL.
Music games aren't just another genre, they're another universe. Inside that category you have everything from hit-the-button-at-exactly-the-right-moment of Space Channel 5 to the ensemble jamming of Rock Band. But once upon a time before music games were all that popular there was a cute funny Japanese title called Parappa the Rapper for the Playstation that redefined what could make a good game. It featured cute animals in a wacky story that required you to push the buttons in time to the music, but also let you freestyle and improvise to a degree to get the highest scores. The songs were strange but extremely catchy, and the characters were so lovable that people who were looking for something different couldn't help but love it.Fast forward to the sequel. Instead of the puppy Parappa, you control the guitar player Lammy who's trying to hit the big time with her band. Every button press corresponds to guitar licks instead of words spoken, but that's not the only change. First of all, you can use the whammy bar to add that effect, as you play numerous other effects are unlocked that you can also use, and those effects really do change the sound of the guitar. Secondly, once you beat the game you start to unlock other unique options, such as multiple modes of two-player (cooperative or competitive), and the ability to play the whole game as Parappa (rapping instead of jamming).Personally, I think the guitar works way better than voice did in Parappa. It just feels more like making music. And although the game can at times be frustratingly difficult, the whole experience is much more accessible (again, just my opinion) than games that use controllers that resemble musical instruments. There's no music technique involved on the basic level other than a sense of timing and the ability to hit the button you're supposed to in sequence. But again, it CAN be really difficult.I'll admit it. I've never been that good as rhythm and music games, despite my love for them. I could never beat Space Channel 5 1 or 2 despite countless hours of practice. And I don't think I ever achieved "COOL" ranking in Parappa. I did however, achieve that ranking in this game a couple of times, and once you do it is one of the coolest things in any video game, kind of like obtaining invincibility for a minute. Basically, as the game song progresses your accuracy either makes you gain or lose rank, and if you DO obtain the top ranking of "COOL", you can freestyle however you want in a solo. It is just so incredibly cool playing a music instrument with just a regular controller. The next closest thing I can think of is the percussion jamming you can do while shooting down enemies in Rez. There's just something really wonderful about creating your own improvisations to music (and if you're never gonna make it playing a real instrument or in a band for that matter, it may be the only solo time you get in life). True, it's no rock band, but the two games are apples and oranges, and this game is decidedly Japanese.Truly, a game this strange could only come out of Japan. As with the first game Parappa, everything is paper cut-outs, the songs are all about performing a task (making a guitar with a chainsaw, landing a plane, putting out a fire, ect), but they are all great in their wacky way. There is also tremendous variety in the types of songs, which range from the now classic Master Onion Chop to the split-personality thrash rock of the plane song. Of course it's all feel good stuff culminating in a super-feel-good climax of the band playing their big gig.With all the unlockables this game is a great value. If you loved Parappa you should definitely buy a copy. And even if you didn't, you may want to give it a try. I have yet to find a person who enjoyed playing the two-player with me, but the five minutes my older sister Codemaster Talon did play with me were pure magic :).
I recently ordered a NGPC,received it the other day, and I must say even in though we are bombarded with the hype regarding the PSP and DS, this system still rocks. Very simple to use, and has a great library of games, which include Metal Slug, Fatal Fury, Puzzle Bobble, and SNK V. Capcom, just to name a few.It is too bad that SNK pulled the plug on this console before it even made a dent in the US, but I think the fact that it is an "extinct" system adds remarkably to it's appeal. Get yourself one of these systems while they are still cheap and available.
I have recently purchased the Neo Geo Pocket game system.  My son currently has a Nintendo Game Boy SP, but I wanted a little something for me while I am waiting in the airports and so forth.  I found this little system on Amazon and saw the price and figured it would be worth a shot.  Man was I amazed!  The system may not have a large library of games, but the games that are available are very entertaining to say the least.  My son even put down his Game Boy and prefers to play the Neo Geo.  The games are very cheap compared to other handhelds.  I highly recommend this system if you want something to play that is entertaining and is fairly cheap.  However, if you are looking for a system with a huge library of games, this may not be the right system for you.Pros: Good graphics and easy to use controls.Games are very entertaining.Price is very cheap compared to most systems.Cons: Small Library of gamesUtilizes AA batteries instead of lithium rechargeableScreen is not backlitI still believe it is a diamond in the ruff.
A really fun old school system that is way affordable. Forget the DS and get all the kids a pocket NEO GEO for the price of one DS. The system has tons of great first party classics and fighting games. The screen isnt backlight, but that is the only negative I can think of for this really good handheld.
At the time when the Neo Geo Pocket Color was released, I, like many others, didn't buy it because I wanted a Game Boy Color. SNK, although extremely successful in Japan, was not able to match the popularity of Nintendo's well-marketed new handheld console in America. Sadly, SNK USA eventually went under and the Neo Geo Pocket Color disappeared from shelves.Although the Neo Geo Pocket Color didn't sell as well as Nintendo's Game Boy Color in America, that is not to say that it didn't deserve more credit than it was given. The NGPC arguably has the best fighting game titles of any handheld console. Games such as SNK vs. Capcom: Match of the Milennium, King of Fighters R-2, Samurai Showdown 2, and Fatal Fury: First Contact are part of what the NGPC is still best known for. The built-in thumbstick also gives fighting game fans the option of straying from the traditional directional pad on a handheld console and allows for a much better way of playing the quarter-circle oriented games. Aside from the SNK fighting game titles, the NGPC hosted a slew of wonderful (and very addictive) puzzle games, including Bust-A-Move, Puzzle Link, and Magical Drop.For some people, the problem with the Neo Geo Pocket Color was the lack of variety on the part of its games' genres. For those who weren't fans of fighting or puzzle games the NGPC really didn't have a lot to offer (at least not enough to buy what used to be a $69 console.) Although the NGPC had a fair number of sports titles and classic hits such as Pac-Man, Sonic the Hedgehog: Pocket Adventure, Metal Slug: First Strike, and Pocket Sports Series - Baseball Stars, it just wasn't enough to compete with Nintendo's ever-growing list of popular games. There were a few RPG's made for the NGPC, but most kids fell to the lures of Nintendo's new Pokemon games instead.The Neo Geo Pocket Color has the ability to play imported games, which is very nice since some NGPC games, like Last Blade, were not released in America. The games will obviously still be in Japanese when you play them, but they can be played on the American console. My only real complaint about the NGPC is the lack of a backlit screen, but when the NGPC came out most handheld consoles didn't have that feature (if they did, they ate batteries like crazy - *cough* Sega Game Gear). The thumbstick was a wonderful addition to the console and allowed for much better gameplay than did consoles with only directional pads. Overall, the Neo Geo Pocket Color was a very sophisticated (and sadly, overlooked) console with the best good-to-bad game ratio of all handheld systems. I would recommend any serious gamer to get one, especially if you enjoy great fighting games. The Neo Geo Pocket Color didn't get all the attention it deserved, but it really did bring a whole new dimension to the world of video games.
It actually fits in my pocket. The colors look great. The sound is perfect. Everything seems to be in order. The seller even threw in Match of The Millennium for free. Wow! What a great find!
Since I'm reviewing the system as a whole, I'll try not to go into detail about individual games too much, but rather give you reasons to buy this system and which games you should look into.I got my NGPC a little late in the game (about 3 years ago), but I have to say that since then, I've played it more than most other handhelds...even to this day (with only my DS rivaling it at the moment). I now have about 20 games total, including a few rare ones and not a single one of them is bad (which is a lot more than I can say for some of my GBA and PSP games).Now I know a lot of people wouldn't bother picking one up for a few of the more common reasons:1. Dated graphics2. No lit screen3. No recargable battery4. Small game libraryWell, let me address those individually. To start with, 1) the graphics on this little machine are pretty amazing. You do have to consider the time it came out, but even now, I'm still impressed with how this thing looks and plays. You have to understand that the NGPC was going up against the Game Boy Color, and the NGPC looks a LOT better than the GBC ever did in all respects. Screenshots can be easily found online, so I suggest looking some up if you don't believe me.2) As for not having a lit screen, this is a big draw back. However, if you do some googling, you can find companies that will install front lights for a minimal charge. Basically, they take the light from a GBA SP and install it on a NGPC. It makes things MUCH nicer, let me tell you!3)Unfortunately, at least to my knowledge, there is no rechargable battery mod for the NGPC. However, this really isn't an issue since the battery life is AMAZING. I've read reports of up to 40 hours gameplay off 2 AAs! I generally use a battery pack (which can be had online very cheap), so I can't say for certain how long 2 AAs last, but I can say that I've only had to change mine once since I got mine over 3 years ago.And finally 4), The small library of games is a little bit of a let down, but the difference between the GB which has TONS of games and the NGPC which has few is that nearly all NGPC games are GOOD GAMES. The GB has tons of bad games which should have never seen the light of day, as do the GBA, DS, PSP, etc. Sure, the NGPC has it's share of poor titles, all systems do, but the percentage of good games vastly outweighs the bad. Let me give you a few examples from my library...If you were ever into fighting games, then you will ADORE THIS SYSTEM! If you've been a fighting fan, you should know that up until recently, handheld fighters have been pretty poor compared to their original versions (Mortal Kombat on Game Gear or Street Fighter II on Game Boy, anyone?). Well, SNK has done an amazing job porting over these classic titles in such detail that you will wish they made console versions in the same style! Trust me! If you don't believe me, do some searching online for these titles:SNK vs CAPCOM: Match of the MilleniumKing of Fighters R-2 (There's also an R-1 which was on the black and white Neo Geo Pocket and is fully playable on the Color system)Samurai Showdown!2 (Again, there's a B/W verison of NGP)The Last Blade: Beyond the DestinyFatal Fury: First ContactGals' FightersRockman Battle & Fighters (Japanese only port of the Mega Man arcade fighting games)I highly recommend all of the above, although Rockman is kind of rare now days. The games play SO much like their original versions (if there was one), you won't belive it. Unlike older handheld fighters, move lists are complete, the number of playable characters is amazing, amount of unlockables/replay value in some is just crazy, and the addition of a little joystick rather than a usual D-pad makes these fighters feel right at home.The NGPC has it's share of good RPGs and other types of games, too. It even has a really awesome Sonic the Hedgehog game which plays just like the ones on Genesis (not like the more recent titles on GBA). Not to mention one of the most popular NGPC games ever: SNK vs CAPCOM: Card Fighter's Clash. Look up reviews on that one and it's reason enough to get this system. If you like Pokemon or Yu-Gi-Oh, then you'll love Card Fighter's Clash. Even if you don't like that kind of stuff, you'll like CFC...seriously.The bottom line is that the Neo Geo Pocket Color can be had so cheap these days (as little as $10-$20 for just the system sometimes), there's no reason not to at least give it a chance. Games can be had for as little as $2-$3, even for many of the titles I mentioned above, and are brand new. For example, for about $100, you can get a system, 6-9 games, an ac adapter, a battery pack, and an worm light. That's pretty common.One last thing to note is that, as with most handhelds, the games are region free, meaning it doesn't matter if you get a japanese version of a game, it'll still play on a US system. SNK did one better, though, and many of the games support all the languages, too! You set what language you want on your system (it has a "bios" similar to the DS) and the games will play in that language regardless of where they came from.THIS ISN'T TRUE FOR ALL GAMES, though, so be sure to research the specific title first, if you can't find a US or UK version. I have several JP and UK games in addition to my US ones and the only one I had that wouldn't support English was the JP version of Gal's Fighters. So if you want that one, find a US or UK version. The JP one is still playable, but the story is so hilarious, you'll want to be able to read it!In short, if you like handhelds, games in general, or are just bored and looking for something to do, then the NGPC is a good solution for you. The system is small enough to fit in your pocket, and fun enough to give you HOURS of enjoyment for the little amount you'll pay for it.
It is sad to see that SNK has decided to discontinue Neo Geo Pocket sales in North America because the NGP is by far the best portable system around.  THe NGP has the best graphics availiable in a porrtable console, and  features many of the best portable games.  Almost every Pocket game is of  high quality, and on average their games are twice as good as gameboy.  Since they have decided to discontinue North American sales I wouldn't  advise buying this system unless you can afford to buy many of their great  games before Amazon.com runs out.  This really is the best portable system!
I finally got my hands on a copy of this. Its a version from Europe, for some reason the American release date isn't for a month or so. Regardless I'm sure the game will be the same. So let me tell you about it. My first impressions are, holy smokes. This game is going to be a huge hit. I'm not sure where to start. Well for one, the graphics are simply amazing. You can fly a huge variety of planes, be it American or German. But the best plane to fly is the B-17 of course. You can man all 10 positions in the plane, and during a mission can switch back and forth. During attacks you are so busy keeping track of everything the time just flys by. You can man a gun turret, pilot the aircraft or even be the bombadier. And if you are unfortunate enough to get shot down, well, don't fret, just switch planes and continue the mission. You can jump into any plane you want, be it the bomber, or your escorts. There are tons of missions to choose from as well. You can do the standard quick missions, training, longer missions from start to finish and various campaigns, both historic and some created ones. I'm amazed they packed this all onto one cd. This game has been in the making for so long, but it was definetly worth the wait. Anyone who likes WWII flight sims will fall in love with this game. I've only had it for a few days since it came in the mail. If you can't wait, get it from a Euro dealer, otherwise, it shouldn't be much longer till North American audiences enjoy this.
I had another B-17 game some years ago.  This one is significantly different.  This is a real challenge!  First, the instrumentation and interior graphics are very good. They could be improved by allowing the flyer to operate the flight deck controls with the mouse, but that is nitpicking. The exterior graphics are not state-of-the-art, but they are plenty good enough to really experience the game.  The sound is good and realistic.I had better identify my equipment so that you can judge my viewpoint.  I have a 1.8 MHz Pentium 4 with a half-gig of RAM and my OS is Microsoft Windows ME. Video is ATI. I use a CH Flightstick Pro USB and CH Pro Pedals USB with Control Manager. (The brakes do not work with this simulation.Everything else works fine and the loading was easy.As to my experience, I'm in my mid-seventies and made my first solo in the mid '40s.  I've flown a variety of single engine aircraft over the years, but have little multi-engine experience, and that only as air crew, except on the computer.  I've also built and flown a variety of radio-controlled aircraft.  I have flown just about every decent simulator on the market since 1989, but my specialty is WWII aircraft since that is my generation. I'm partial to the Pacific Theater, and particularly love the F6F "Hellcat" as a fighter plane--it accounted for nearly 80 percent of all the Japanese aircraft shot down in air-to-air combat in the Pacific, and had a 19-1 kill ratio.  Not bad.  It also made more aces than any other allied single-engine fighter plane.I mostly fly fighters. I think the best combat flight sim (for graphics and flight characteristics) currently on the market is IL-2 Sturmovik. Jane's WWII Fighters and and Microsoft's Combat Flight Sim 2 are neck-and-neck for second place, and I'm looking at MS Combat Flight Sim 3 with high hopes.This is a good sim. It is very realistic in the flight characteristics of a large multi-engine prop driven aircraft. The sounds are very realistic as well, and for those who think it is a difficult game--it is!  But then, so is actually flying such an aircraft, but it can be learned.  Practice, practice, practice!The ability to move from one crew position to the next easily is not realistic, but it is great fun! One thing I appreciate is the very thing that bugs many; the fact that you can spend hours on a single mission--in fact, you can spend several minutes stacked up, orbiting your own airfield just waiting to land after a mission. Oh, you can avoid it by speeding things up to 8X time, but of course the actual aircrews were simply stuck with it.  That's just the way it was!In real life, it was hours, weeks, sometimes months of boredom interspersed with moments of sheer terror. "Hurry up and wait" was as typical of WWII as "Kilroy was here."But, do you want to get a feel for how it really was (without the gut-wrenching fear, of course) or do you just want to play another game?  One thing about the boredom of hours of droning engines--it lulled the crew, so that when the action suddenly started when a Bf-109 or FW-190 or (God help us!) an ME-162 suddenly bounced you out of the sun, it was all the more unexpected.This is of course not like being at war.  Not even close.  The people who really flew in these ships actually died, as you know.  More than 50,000 men from the 8th died over Europe. That's the entire crew of 5,000 different aircraft. Losses were high.  It was hard to get through the 25 missions required, alive. For the Luftwaffe, it was, if anything, worse!  There was no limit to the number of their missions.  They flew until they were killed or the war ended, whichever came first.I recommend this game if you have the patience and the equipment tofly it properly.  If you are simply looking for something that will allow you to shoot down lots of "enemy" quickly, this is probably not for you.Joe Pierre, USN (Ret).
Ok first of all, let me tell you the game works fine. It didn't crash on my system, and it didn't crash on two of my other computers (one of them only runs on a PII 400 mhz). I think the problem lies with the user. During installation, DO NOT install the A3D drivers. It's just common sense. If you dont have an A3D soundcard then dont install the drivers. Plain and simple. Some users feel they need to install every thing the game asks them to install but in reality you dont have to. Basic point is to know what your computer has. This game will ask you to install Direct x 7.0a. If you have Direct x8.0a then don't install Direct x 7.0a because its an older driver.When the game boots, you will be given the option to create a graphics cache file. If you dont set the graphics cache file, the game will crash. Most users are so hot to get into the game that they neglect the little details of setting up options. All you have to do is set the graphics cache file. The graphics cache file uses about 500 mb of your swap file. Here's a trick. Clean up your OS system drive. Remove junk files in your Temp folder; in fact, remove everything you see in your temp folder. Next, go clean the Temp Internet Files folder.Now to the game. Patch the game before you play it. Download patch 2.0 (25mb). Ok, the game is very realistic. For rookie sim fans wanting to fly and do some sightseeing around Germany on a B-17, this is not the game for you. By the time you get close to one of the radar sites surrounding Germany, dozens of attack fighters will feed you with lead until you either crash or turn back. This is a war sim ergo no free fly mode. Graphics does the job in the game although not that spectacular, for most of the flight, you'll be looking at open pastures and green until you get to your target. The travel time is very realistic. From your airbase to your target, you'll actually be flying the whole trip in real time. Sit back and relax during this trip, its going to be a long trip---enjoy it while it lasts because once the shooting happens, you'll be scambling for dear life. Missions in the game are historical and they are very difficult to accomplish but not impossible. Flight dynamics are superb (specially after you patch the game). These bombers are just hard to fly but hey this is 1943 people, they dont have the hardware like what planes have now. Special mention to the Norden bombsight instrument. This is a bit complicated to use. It shouldn't surprise history buffs since most of the bombs dropped during WWII never really did hit their targets. Dont expect to see HUDs or targetting reticles here. Everything is DEAD aiming and pure luck.Overall, this game is awesome. It gave me a sense of just being inside the B-17 anticipating and waiting for the coming &quot;storm&quot; when flaks and enemy fighters start coming at you.Buy this game, follow the tips I gave you and it should work. Oh and did i tell you the game hasnt crashed since i installed it?
even after playing dozens of newer titles on newer systems this is still one of the great games out there - give yourself a gift and get a hold of it.
On the surface, this 2D Scrolling-view adventure game seems no different that all the classic Castlevania games from the ancient NES system... But from the second you start playing it, you remember why those first few ancient Castlevania games were so great. They are as addictive as they are fun to play, as is this Playstation version.You play as Alucard, half-human son of Dracula. As a plot twist, it seems that Richter Belmont, decendent of Legendary Vampire Hunter Simon Belmont, has called the evil Castlevania back from the depths of oblivion, and summoned forth the evil Dracula. With the help of the mysterious adventurer Maria, you must guide Alucard through the huge maze of Castlevania, to determine if Richter is indeed behind the evil plot.SOTN combines elements of classic Castlevania with an action packed role-playing game. Find hundreds of items, weapons, power-ups, and secrets hidden throughout this complex new Castle of Dracula. Fight against newer challenging enemies, as well as the classics from the original series. The music is well-orchestrated, and catchy. If you can find the First Edition of this game out there anywhere, it comes with a collector's CD full of music from the game... but that one is out of print and hard to find.Anyway, I LOVE this game. I can take it out of the console for months at a time, but as soon as I hear anyone make a reference to it, I am immediately hooked again. As soon as you start playing, you will not want to stop. True, some of the bosses seem easy in comparison to other games, but the constant sense of making progress and finding new secrets keeps you interested from beginning to end.With so many 3D rendered games to choose from this may game seem obsolete, but trust me when I say that Castlevania was never meant to go 3D, and this, the greatest 2D Castlevania environment to date, puts all the 3D versions to shame. I have beaten this game at least 10 times, but I find something new every time I play. If you were a fan of the old-school Castlevania Games, or even Bloodlines from Sega Genesis, then you too will love this game, which I recommend over any N64 version. Plus it's cheap! Stop thinking about it and buy this game!
The Sony Playstation debuted and along came a slew of games that would propel it to greatness.  One of the games that made every kid want to own one is none other than Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.  An excellent Playstation title and there's no doubt in my mind that it's the greatest Castlevania game on the face of the earth.  Don't believe me?  Too bad, now read on anyway:THE GOODYou play as Alucard, the son of Dracula, and he's improved over his Castlevania III(NES) version.  The whole castle environment is done in the same vein as Zebes was in Super Metroid; in fact, the whole game borrows from Super Metroid!  You might think that's bad, but the gaming geniuses at Konami utilized that tactic and made it worthwhile.  The soundtrack kicks...especially Richter Belmont's theme (speaking of which, he's also a playable character).  The graphics were state-of-the-art for the Playstation's debut and they're very stylish and, of course, in the Castlevania style.  Also, being a huge fan of Super Metroid and Castlevania, this game not only throws in its own goodies, but has that good ol' "old school" feel to it.  This game also has items GALORE and you can collect cards to cast magic spells and use familiars.THE BADAside from the ending credits song that grates on my nerves ("I am the Wind"), I find absolutely nothing wrong with the game.  If you do find something wrong, consult your physician.OVERALLSome might claim this as the best game of all-time; I can't claim that, but it's certainly the best in the long-running Castlevania series.  I doubt there'll be a Castlevania that will beat this one (for all you 64 lovers, Castlevania 64 and Legacy of Darkness AREN'T that great!).  Its superb gameplay and style marks this as a great game and it should never be forgotten.  If you've never played a Castlevania game before, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU START HERE.  If you hate this game, "Have at You!".
It's nice that all these great games for the original Playstation are being rereleased, especially for Castlevania fans. That's because Symphony of the Night, not only one of the best Castlevania games but also arguably one of the best for the PSX is one of the games being rereleased. Look up any review for the game from websites and magazines and you'll see nothing but praise for this classic. At [amt] from Amazon, how can you lose. Get this game.
This is the first game I wanted to buy when I got my Playstation, sadly, it is super rare and took my 6 months to find used. This is probably the rarest Playstation game, which is sad, because it is also one of the best.It combines classic Castlevania gameplay with RPG elements, such as the use of magic, and level points system, and a deeper storyline. Also adding to the depth is the use of money, relics that give special abilities, and a wider variety of weapons. The ability to equip weapons of your choice is a first for the series. By far the coolest is the ability to transform, you can be a bat, a wolf, or fog (!). The main character is Alucard (spell it backwards), who older gamers might remember from Castlevania 3 for NES. You meed a wide array of characters, some good, some bad, throughout your journey through Dracula's castle. The object of the game: same as the rest-find and destroy Dracula and end the vampire bloodline.The graphics are classic 2-D, which might turn off some gamers hoping for something more like Castlevania 64 (which was fully-rendered 3-D). Despite the 2-D, the control and character movement is greatly enhanced thanks to better animation and smooth controls. Castlevania games always had great music, and SOTN is among the best in that department. Each score perfectly matches the given environment, with beautifuly orchestrated melodies. Don't let the old-school look discourage you, this is an amazing game.Calling Castlevania: SOTN simply a nastalgia trip, while true in my case, would degrade the value of the game. It is an excellent and addictive game that satisfies on almost every level. It ranks among the best games for the Playstation, and you sould expect to pay a hefty price for a copy. It is now super-rare.
As the first Castlevania game I have got, this game set a good example and now I am collecting Castlevania games. As Alucard, half-vampire and half-human, you must fight your way throughout a giant castle. Although somewhat easy, it is one of the best games  I have ever played for the Playstation. The graphics aren't too good for it is a 2D side-scrolling game. Usually, side-scrolling games aren't very good, but this is AWESOME! This game, Tekken 3, and Crash Bash are the best games I have probably ever played. In other words, unless you're cracked up, this game will be one of the best games you have ever played. Now, since I got lots of new games, I'm off to rate more games. Good night!
I played this game YEARS after it was released and could not believe how well it has held up. It truly is an amazing game. What makes this game so spectacular is the ambience it creates. Although the graphics are over 10 years old, the colors are soo vibrant, and the orchestrated score is fantastic- prolly the best of any video game ive ever played. Each portion of the castle is like an amazing  painting. It truly is a work of art. The castle is dark, creepy, and full of life. The plot is really good as well, (despite some horrid english acting that will be ridiculed untill the end of time. lol) You control Alucard, the half vampire and half human son of Dracula, as he tries to stop his father. Alucard is an awesome looking character to control and with constant upgrades to collect, it is rewarding to see him progress into a powerful force. This game laid the foundation for the excellent portable castlevanias on Nintendo systems but it still remains the best out of all of them. The ambiance, the music, the simple, but rewarding gameplay, and the colorful graphics still outdo its successors. Definitely one of the greatest games of all time.
This game, which started the trend of all those terrific Gameboy Castlevanias, like Dawn of Sorrow, is an awesome play and a top 10 of just about everyones Playstation game list.First off, this game is huge. You have to play through this game twice to get the entire experience and real ending to this game. It has a second quest, much like the old school Ghosts and Goblins, if you can remember that game... but with its own unique invereted way.The amount of items you can gather and collect in this game is staggering too. There are numerous swords and spells to pick up and just about every weapon has its own special abilities which adds a lot to this game. Because of that no weapon seems the same.And the relics just plain old rock. They give you abilities like changing into bats, wolves, mist forms, and allowing you to do super jumps and double jumps to unlock new areas.Also, the hundreds of different bosses and enemies are all interesting to hunt down and slaughter. Especially the cool looking bosses, which can sometimes span an entire couple of screens...Though this game is extremely rare to try to get a hold of now, if youre a Playstation gamer or action fan then you owe it to yourself to pick this up. Its one of the most complete and enjoyable action/adventure games of the last ten years.
Quite simply this is quite possibly the best game ever made, period. By taking the standard formula which Super Metroid perfected on the Super Nintendo, of finding items and opening up new areas, Castlevania Symphony of the Night excels on every level to combine and create the most significant game accomplishment, in my opinion ever made. By using the standard side scrolling elements of the classic games from the 8 bit days and combining them with some of the lushest and most breathtaking visuals and special effects, the hand drawn effect that this game creates rivals almost any game on the original Playststion. The music is etheral accomplishment and ranks at the top of my best soundtracks for a game ever, joining the ranks of Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy VI, and Silent Hill 2 as some of the most noticeable and well done music to ever pass through the gaming world. The music combines orchestra type composure in a rock opera vibe that fits every single enviroment so well that you will never dread entering any area, in fact you wil even find yourself backtracking to previous areas just to hear this music again (By the way I own the soundtrack, thats how damn good this games music is.) The gameplay is some of the best ever in a game, incorporating all the classic elements of the Castlevania series, and combining them with experience and equipping items from Role Playing Games to form a natural bond that still makes me wonder why more developers have not tried to make a game like this (probably due to the fact that few could accomplish what Konami has done with this game). The only weak part of this game is the voice acting which literally sucks (pun intended) it seems like they picked people who were overly ambitious in their voice acting skills, and I'm sure the dialogue was bad because of the Japanes to English translation when it was brought stateside. Beyond that though if you buy this game I can guarantee you will not be dissappointed. Every boss fight, every encounter, everything about this game pushes it leaps and bounds ahead of the competion. No 3dimensional game I have ever played can crete the sheer passion and joy of controlling Alucard; his movements and actions are graceful and even just picking up the HP max ups is a chilling experience. This game cannot be missed, and I guarantee that I will still play this game when I am like 50 years old and wondering what in the hell happenned to the artistry and pure skill that a two dimensional "old-school" game can pull off and achieve so well.
Love it or hate it, this is side scrolling action at its best.  I see that a lot of people complained that it borrowed from Metroid; I say kudos!  Metroid was also great and was in my opinion the best side scroller until SOTN.  You can read any number of reviews for the particulars, but I want to point out that this game is available for $9.99 to download from the PS3 store onto your PS3 or PSP.Oh yeah!
Where do I begin? I have played the first four classic entries of the series, and Lament of Innocence, the Mercury Steam Lords of Shadow and Mirror of Fate, and I must say that not only was this entry released in Konami's prime, but they have given the name Castlevania a whole new meaning while adding to the overall gameplay experience. The environment of the game is astoundingly detailed with 3D background effects, including moving objects in full 3D and the creativity involved in developing the enemies make it that much easier to immerse yourself in this wonderful complete fantasy world, and escaping reality. With that being said, seeing that this game was directly influenced by Super Metroid, and perhaps some of the other Nintendo entries to the series, I must say that the Metroid-style gameplay was executed beautifully with all kinds of different suits (or cloaks) you can pick up, fluid controls, and an absolutely fantastic soundtrack that fits each and every one of its perspective environments the tracks were made for. Another excellent aspect of this game is the idea of leveling up your character to increase stats and such. That was beautifully implemented, rewarding you with easier gameplay if you destroy enough enemies and find the most powerful cloaks and weapons you can find in the game. You can also acquire various transformations that will turn your character into either a bat, a purple wolf, or simply a handful of mist, so you can pass through obstacles that were blocked before. Overall, this game is the most groundbreaking entry of the series, and it is one that I would not mind playing again and again, as the gameplay is as versatile as it gets with these style of games.
One of the best PS1 games I've ever played.  It nicely incorporates both action and rpg elements. Plus vampires are cool.  So it's got it all.
Castlevania: Symphony of the Night is one of the reasons I hold onto my Playstation 2 (as the Playstation 3, for some stupid reason, will not play older games).  I have passed this game several times, and every couple of years I feel the itch to revisit it.  This game is Castlevania at its finest--despite the terrible voice actors and mediocre graphics.  The bosses are tough, as are many of the areas of the castle, and figuring out how to progress in some places can be a challenge, but the rewards are great.  This game has endless replay value IMHO.
I've been playing games since I can remember. Unlike the current crop of wannabe hard-core gamers, I really am one. I've been playing games before the PSX, before the SNES, ... I still remember when the NES came out. But in all my years of gaming, never have I played a game as amazing and beautiful as Konami's &quot;Castlevania: Symphony Of The Night.&quot; The breathtaking graphics, the rich and haunting soundtrack, the perfect control--all of this adds up to nothing compared to the gameplay itself, which is of unrivaled magnitude. After Richter Belmont had defeated Dracula in the last &quot;Castlevania,&quot; all seemed pleasant--until now. One night, four years after the supposed demise of Dracula, Richter simply vanished. With no idea as to where to go, Maria Renard, Richter's sister-in-law, went out on her search for him when it happened: Castlevania, home of Dracula, had suddenly appeared. You play as Alucard, the offspring of a human woman and Dracula himself. Then, you enter Castlevania. 3D? Bah. The game mixes both the 2D side-scrolling and RPG genres perfectly. Fans of both genres (and those, like myself, that love both genres) will no doubt cherish this game. This is easily the biggest &quot;Castlevania&quot; game so far. There's over 140 different villians, around a dozen spells, a vast array of weapons and armor, and multiple endings. So take a few days off from work and/or school, because you're gonna need 'em. The graphics are absolutely gorgeous. I still ask myself why everyone's jumping on fancy 3D engines when they could create a game like this. Could you imagine a 2D &quot;Castlevania&quot; on Dreamcast? (drools) Anyways, the graphics on this game are top-notch stuff. Lots of detail on every little character and background. The control is as easy as it gets. Anyone could pick this up and start playing right away. The music though...it just can't be put into words. This is on par with Squaresoft's best work. Yeah, I'm serious. Usually when playing games, I pop in a Dead Can Dance CD or something, but this soundtrack is too epic to miss. Alucard has lots of different spells he can use, all of which are quite effective and beautifully drawn. There's also relics which Alucard collects, and they are needed to beat the game. Some relics tell you the damage you cause to your enemy; one lets you do a double jump; and then there's some that let you transform into a wolf, bat, or mist. The game offers a decent challenge, by now, after all these years of gaming, there isn't much that I have trouble with, but it did offer me a challenge by trying to collect everything in the game. There is a lot of favorite moments for me in this game, but the moment that stuck out the most in my head was the confession booth. It didn't do anything (except hurt you if the curtains close...), but it stuck out in my head. It's as close as I'll ever get to a real one (I'm anti-religous). All I can say is that you have absolutely no excuse as to why you shouldn't own a copy, ...you're not even a real gamer if you don't own this. The &quot;Castlevania&quot; games that followed this one were mediocre at best (and that's when you don't compare them to this one), so I wouldn't recommend those N64 &quot;sequels&quot; at all. I wish Konami had continued the series with direction they were going with for this game. You can go ahead and keep your &quot;Metal Gear Solid,&quot; I'll stick with this. &quot;Castlevania: Symphony Of The Night&quot; isn't a masterpiece, it's THE masterpiece. Now go get it if you still don't have it.
This is an awesome game and was worth getting it for my PS2 to have with my other Castlevania games.  I just love the sound track and the graphics for it's time were very good.  The only complaint I have is that when you die you don't get a continue and you have to wait through a death screen and then have to go through reloading your file all over again.  Other than that this game is a classic, one of the best Castlevania games.
There is a reason hand-drawn sidescrollers are still being made: there is so much expression in these games that cannot yet be displayed in polygons, and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night is no exception. The characters and backgrounds are very well-drawn, the tunes set the tone well, the controls are top notch, the storyline is great, and the animation is perfect.In addition to be to being quite possibly the best side-scroller ever made, Symphony of the Night's music holds true to the title with well-orchestrated tunes that only a jaded misosymphonist -yes, I made that up- could hate.As the story goes, Dracula rises once every century to terrorize the the innocents of Transylvania. This is where a Belmont usually comes in to thwart Dracula's evil plots and send him back to where he came from. When Dracula dies (albeit temporarily) his castle vanishes with him. This time, however, things are a little different.Only four years after Richter Belmont defeated the Count, Dracula's castle rises again. Maria Rennard, Richter's cousin who helped him defeat Dracula, decides to investigate the castle after her cousin mysteriously disappears.Over 400 years ago, Dracula was betrayed by his son, Alucard, who aided Trevor Belmont in Dracula's defeat along with Grant (a nimble thief) and Sypha (a vampire-hunting sorceress). Now Alucard, who had put himself into what was supposed to be an eternal sleep, has risen again to put an end to his father ... permanently!As Alucard, you fight Dracula's evil minions while exploring the castle and the ground upon which it sits. The castle itself is made up of main halls, a church, a bell tower, a courtyard, and a library, among other things. Under ground are the abandoned mine and the catacombs. Things get even more interesting when or if you get to an upside-down version of the castle, where you face an evil grim reaper in earth "above" the castle, and eventually Vlad himself.What I also like about the game is the way it somewhat portrays the real Vlad Tepes Dracule, with impaled victims in the background and an equally menacing portrait.So is there anything wrong with this game? Ofcourse there is!  While you will get the chance to play as Richter, you'll never be able to play as Maria unless you buy a Japanese Sega Saturn (or an American one with a mod-chip) and Nocturn in the Moonlight.Konami also screwed Maria when they released Dracula X on Super Nintendo in America. Maria was playable in the Turbo PC-CD version in Japan.
So I get this game free with purchase of Castlevania: Lords of Shadow (which is also a pretty good game). People say Lords of Shadow is a great game, but it is NOT a Castlevania game. So to figure out what Castlevania games are all about I give Castlevania: Symphony of the Night a try. AND WOW JUST WOW. This game is simply incredible. After finishing this game (both actual and secret endings) here is what I thoght.***************PROS********************CASTLE EXPLORATION GAMEPLAY: No spoiler here, but most Castlevania games are about going into Count Dracula's castle and finding and destroying him and in process of doing so, encountering and finding a great number of vicious enemies, some really awesome monsterous bosses and awesome weapons and upgrades. Similar to other Castlevania games, this one also has A HUGE CASTLE where you, the son of dracula, can roam around structure to another doing everything stated above.WEAPONS, SECONDARY WEAPONS, SUMMONS, RELICS, UPGRADES, TRANSFORMATIONS AND ALL TYPE OF SPLENDID STUFF: While exploring HUGE castle (emphasis on the word huge) you will find great number of different weapons (swords, mace, blades), secondary weapons (holy water, throwing axe and some weird things) and relics that will either allow you to summon various allies by your side or transform you into beasts with different abilities. Guess being a human sympathetic son of dracula comes with its own advantages. Search for these items will really push you explore the castle. While some are not so hard to find, the good ones are well hidden and will require a through exploration (or use of a guide).RIDICULOUS VARIETY IN ENEMIES AND TREMENDOUS BOSSES: Loved it just loved it. I was surprised to see there were so many different types of enemies in the game. To top it off, defeating them and making your way through the castle rewards you with spectacular boss fights. These bosses vary from your own doppelganger to almighty you know who. There are so many so many awesome bosses. JUST BE SURE TO EXPLORE THE CASTLE THROUGHLY.CASTLE AND REVERSE CASTLE: Now if you just rush through the game without exploring all the area, you will not get to challenge the real main boss of the game. To do so you have to explore the castle throughly, meet certain conditions and unlock the REVERSE CASTLE, which is practically a reverse version of castle you play, but with  tougher enemies and more awesome bosses. I can't tell you much without spoiling, but it is not hard to do. You just have to know something.LEVELING UP THE MAIN CHARACTER: Beating enemies and bosses will give you XPs and level you up making you stronger adding RPG element to the game. So if you are not as skilled then leveling up and then fighting the boss is always an option. I personally got addicted to this and finding items.GREAT GRAPHICS, ART, LEVEL DESIGNS FOR A PS1 GAME: Yup not much to elaborate here. I loved the REVERSE CASTLE design and idea. Again you have to play it to see what I am talking about.PLAY WITH DIFFERENT CHARACTER: In addition to son of dracula, you can also play as a Vampire hunter with very different abilities, you just have to finish the game once.******************CONS******************SECRETIVE PLACES: While you can get map of the castle early on, you still can't locate many important secret places on that map. I wish they had some type of secret map available so one wouldn't have to rely on online guides. Other than this I can complain about the graphics and stuff, but it is a PS1 game, so judging it by today's standard won't be fair.*************CONCLUSION********************If you are new to castlevania franchise and want to learn more, this is a great place to start. It will truly give you a good idea what Castlevania games are all about and why lords of shadow is a great game, but it is not exactly a Castlevania to be precise.
This game, without a doubt, is by far the best game in the Castlevania series. Even if you previously havent played any of the other games it's still worth it. There's not much else to say besides it's a classic 2d game and perfectly dark. Alucard is a great main character....but that's not just the reason it's so good. Everything about it is great...from the 2d landscapes and backrounds...to the vast selection of weaponry and armor...and relics...all the way to the voiceovers. There are also tons of secret corridors that will take an eternity to find. Whether you like classic games or not you will probably like this...Forget those lamo N64 Castlevanias...this is where it's at...
I remember when I first got this game - when it first came out when I was a junior in high school.  I played this game all night and called in sick for work over Christmas break to keep playing.  This is undoubtably best game I've ever played in my life, and I doubt that anyone has the brains to follow it up in a similar style.  I mean, at least Capcom had the brains to follow up with millions of Mega Man sequels that were all alike, but all of the subsequent Castlevania sequels after &quot;Symphony&quot; just are nothing like it.  The &quot;64&quot; versions totally suck compared to it.  Oh well, I guess I'd better find another copy of this disc before I get it scratched so many times that its unplayable.  If you haven't played it, buy it.  Otherwise, you are losing the best video game experience that you will ever have. (Runners up for best games of my life:  Secret (not legend) of Mana, Chrono Trigger (not Cross), Time Crisis (distant 4th, but still excellente)).
Since Castlevania IV on the SNES is the only other Castlevania I have played up until now, I shall compare Symphony of the Night in relative to it a lot.Plot:Alucard, a vampire himself, seeks to rid the world of Dracula's tyranny and his own cursed bloodline. Interesting that it would be a vampire fighting another vampire...and who is this Maria Renard? Why has she come to Castlevania? And how was she able to enter the castle when only members of the Belmont clan are able to?Graphics:The graphics seem to look much smaller, flatter, and less detailed than they did in Castlevania IV. Graphics in Castlevania IV seemed to stand out more, but that was probably because they were larger. Still, the graphics in Symphony of the Night are not bad at all, even for the year 2003. They even try to please some of us 3D die-hards with a few polygonal renderings, but there are not many of those.Sound:The music, in keeping with Castlevania tradition, is gothic, rock, and gothic rock (Read: excellent). The music sounds even BETTER on the soundtrack CD. Definitely some classy orchestral music in there, too...The game features a few voice-overs, which are not TOO bad...they at least attempted to add a good degree of drama to the conversations.Gameplay:The gameplay was probably what was most intriguing in relative to Castlevania IV. Though an action platformer at heart, it adds some RPG elements; strength and other stats are quantified; you can obtain and change weapons and other equipment, and carry items for later use, like health potions (certainly couldn't do that in Castlevania IV...would've made it easier). Furthermore, your character no longer uses the traditional whip, but a sword instead.Furthermore, Dracula's castle is one large dungeon that connects back into itself; you can revisit rooms you were at earlier, rather than the linear, one-stage-at-a-time, progression that composed Castlevania IV. This may make the game seem like Metroid, but thankfully, you do not need to backtrack as much, since warps are available to transfer you between distant rooms. And there is always a save-point nearby - making it ideal for a half-hour play when ever the feeling grabs you.Overall:Overall, if you are looking for a 2D side-scrolling platformer with some action RPG elements mixed in well, like some of those old but good NES action RPGs, this should be your thing...especially if you want a platformer with a more mature, refined taste. Definitely something that can be picked up easily again and again, even after long periods of withdrawal.
I love Castlevania and this is the best 2D Castlevania ever made. Unfortunately I didn't buy a copy 10 years ago so I guess I'll have to download it on Xbox Live Arcade since price gouging has come to the PlayStation version, I traded in my old PlayStation and I heard that it isn't compatible with the PS2s backwards compatability mode (a shame).If it was less than $15 I would definitely pick up the PlayStation version and a used PlayStation, but $60 is outrageous when it is available for less than 1/6 that price on Xbox Live Arcade!! Classic all the way!
This game is great on its own merits. However, it is a breakaway from the traditional Castlevania level based format. Second of all, you are not one of the Belmonts, or a human at all (you are a half-vampire). Thirdly, you do not have a whip, you have a sword. Despite the breaking of many of the Castlevania traditions, this is a spectacular game. Great graphics, great music, great gameplay. As a consolation, there is a way to play as Richter Belmont after beating the game.This is my second favorite of the Castlevania series, the best of all being Castlevania: Dracula X for the Turbo-Graphx 16 console. Do not play the Dracula X for Super Nintendo! It sucks!
If you have read my previous castlevania reviews you know how much I love these games and Symphony of the night is no exception. This game is just awsome,the gameplay is fun, the graphics are great and the music is kick ass. This is the best Castlevaina game out there so far and with Castlevaina:Lords of shadows coming out soon it is going to be hard to top this masterpice. All in all I highly recommend it, if you don't want to buy it and have Xbox live or playsation network you can buy it there also.
A miserable little pile of AWESOME!!!I bought this game a few weeks ago at a Play N Trade, and I must say that this game is fanTASTIC!The most superb 2-D Side scroller I've ever had the chance to play. Fun, Challenging, Clever. The 'world' in this game is HUGE, and the variety of unique monsters and bosses (none of which are clones of each other, in terms of tactics and strategies to beat them) make this game even more challenging (sometimes annoying, but in a good way; a way that allows for some thought into finding better ways to beating them). And the dialogue between characters, it's like watching an animated movie, in terms of scripting (beautiful and intriguing, not shallow, or bombastic).This is a game I shall NEVER sell to any store. This is mine for as along as I can play this.A keeper-game that you'd be foolish to depart with (unless it's to a friend or family member... but that's it).
This is one of the greatest games ever made, period.  I LOVED the highly underrated Castlevania 64, and when I spotted Symphony in the store I knew I had to have it.  But it came in a discount case that hid the back of the game case, and when I took off the packagaing and saw the screenshots on the back, my heart sank.  It was 2D!  How could a 2D game possible stand up to a 3D game??Man, was I in for a surprise.The first thing I noticed was, the music was ASTONISHING.  When I first walked into the castle and "The Tragic Prince" started, my mouth was hanging open.  I immediately cranked up the volume.  There's everything from haunting hard rock to beautiful orchestrated tracks.  The best game soundtrack I've ever heard by far.  I even found myself turning the game on just to listen to the music!  You'll definetely want the soundtrack.The hand drawn graphics may be 2D, but they are nevertheless gorgeous.  Everything is so detailed.The side scroller platform/RPG gameplay is a blast.  The castle is HUGE and you'll never tire of exploring it and uncovering new relics and weapons.  And at the end there's even a way to unlock the upside-down castle, with new music and graphics!!  There's just so much replayability here.The voice acting is admittedly awful, but it doesn't detract from the gameplay at all.If you own a PSONE or a PS2, you MUST own SoTN.  I also recommend Castlevania 64, even though a lot of people hated it.  It's much better than Lament Of Innocence, which is basically a repetitive, boring hack and slash fest with pretty graphics.
I've been playing through all the Castlevania games lately and none of them hold a candle to this masterpiece. Everything you want in a gothic horror, platformer is here. You will find that the RPG elements work seamlessly with the rest of the action packed gameplay.The music is amazing, with guitar riffs, classical arrangements and so much more. If that doesn't grab you, you'll be astonished by the monsters, mayhem and pacing that is found in this game. I spent hours wandering around the castle and picking up new secrets. It's really one great game.If you want that old school feeling, draw your own map, don't follow the one on the screen and make this even cooler. If you have time to burn this is your game, it's amazing.
THIS IS PERHAPS THE BEST CASTLEVANIA GAME EVER MADE! I REMEMBER PURCHASING THIS GAME WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT ABOUT 9YRS AGO AND I HAVE TO ADMIT, THIS WAS VIDEO GAME CRACK FOR ME. THE MOMENT I STARTED PLAYING IT I JUST COULD NOT STOP PLAYING IT. ONE FRIDAY NIGHT I STARTED PLAYING IT AROUND 6PM AND DID NOT STOP UNTIL 5 AM ON SATURDAY MORNING, TOOK ABOUT A 4 HR BREAK AND THEN I WAS UP AGAIN PLAYING THIS GAME UNTIL I FINALLY FINISHED IT THAT SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
You've no doubt heard all of the glowing reviews of this game. So here's another: the gameplay, graphics, and sound are all top-notch and leagues above all those other 3D games. There is no excuse for not owning this, even if you didn't like other Castlevania games. People should get a Playstation for this game it's so good. It's just too bad that most people will right it off because it's &quot;old-fashioned&quot;. Even worse, it hasn't sold well, so a true, 2D sequel isn't too likely to happen.
For a two dimentional game, you won't find one better. This game has a great storyline, exceptional graphics, awesome sound effects, yada, yada, yada........you will not regret playing this game even if you don't play games that often. This game will hook you within the first ten minutes. The only thing that could prove me wrong is if you don't want to take the time to read what some of the articles actually do once you pick them up. You have to constantly decide what to wear and what to use.
I recommend this game to anyone of any age.  Although it has some nudity / blood, I think it's tame enough and reminiscent of the original era that it's more education than anything for youngsters under 10.  The music is probably one of the major perks.  I've downloaded and listened to the music on MP3 players driving around because it's THAT good.  The gameplay is simple as can be:  sidescroller, jump, attack, item, and magic.  There are literally hundreds of weapons, armor, etc items to find, it's amazing what some of the more rare special weaps do.  The game itself is pretty long too, once you beat it, you beat it again upside down and all monsters/music/items are changed to reflect your stronger levels.Anyway, there's lots and lots to describe of how awesome this game is.  If you've never played it, I pity you.
No other series quite conjures the atmosphere associated with Konami's Castlevania series. Hearkening back to the days of the original Castlevania on the NES, the combination of classic monsters, from Frankenstein's monster to the Price of Darkness himself, coupled with a decidedly Japanese feel made for quite the gameplay experience, and luckily for us, the classics just keep coming. The latest in the series (sorry, while the 3D Castlevania games on the N64 are adequate, they just don't carry on the tradition), Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, is the first to not feature a whip- weilding member of the Belmont clan as it's protagonist, but rather the all-too-vampiric son of Dracula, Alucard, last seen helping Trevor Belmont in Castlevania III on the NES. Playing more like Castlevania 2: Simon's Quest, or even Super Metroid on the SNES, Symphony of the Night adds some RPG elements like the ability to gain in strength by levelling up, equipping items and an occasional NPC. While the gameplay is a bit different than previous games, this is a good thing, as it adds depth to the already tried and true play mechanics of the series.The first thing you'll notice upon beginning Alucard's quest, is that this is not your usual Castlevania title. More closely resembling Castlevania II: Simon's Quest (NES), or to be quite honest, Super Metroid (SNES), SOTN sprinkles the tried and true play mechanics with a good many RPG elements. The ability to equip multiple items (weapons, armor, items, etc.), level up to gain strength and the ability to purchase potions, maps and other items, even conversing with the occasional NPC (namely Maria), are all typical to RPG's and their addition to the Castlevania formula results in a game that's very much more than the sum of its parts. Dracula's castle and the catacombs underneath are a huge area to navigate, requiring some time in the early going (you'll soon open warp portals to speed your quest later), and as such, the map is invaluable as far as finding areas you have yet to explore (again, they took it straight out of Super Metroid). The thing is that to unlock certain areas, you'll need to acquire items or abilities. Indeed, the true challenge in SOTN is not only defeating Dracula, but being able to explore the entire castle, both normal and inverted. And lest you think all this will be a tedious chore, let me assure you that controlling Alucard is a small pleasure in itself. While his movement is very fluid, he controls wonderfully, and while it will be second nature to any Castlevania fan within movements, the additions of certain spells to Alucard's repertoire make mastery a bit more involving. And for those who would rather control a belmont, Richter is selectable later on by code, although the going is considerably tougher for him. Konami could not have delivered a more complete experience.While I refrain from calling Castlevania: Symphony of the Night the Playstation's best game in the face of games like Final Fantasy VII, Metal Gear Solid &amp; Xenogears, I must admit that if I was forced to choose but one, it may very well be it. I will say that it is an amazing title in all aspects, and sadly, as things seem to be unfolding, perhaps the last 2D Castlevania title. The latest two Castlevania games, both on N64, have been in 3D, and to be honest, quite lackluster. As fate would have it, the only other known Castlevania title in development is also in 3D, this time for Dreamcast, and while I can only hope it can recapture in some small way the splendor that is SOTN, one has to suspect that the inherent problems with the titles is that they are not 2D, which is the soul of the series. If you want a post 16-bit title that is truly Castlevania, there is only one route to take, and that is Symphony of the Night (or the Saturn import version known as Nocturne in the Moonlight, which actually has a couple of extra areas and a playable Maria).
"Die Monster! You don't belong in this world!"This was the sort of reaction many long-term series fans gave Konami circa 1997-1998, when they first attempted to bring the Castlevania series into a 3D world on the N64. It wasn't a much better reception a few years later either when Lament Of Innocence & Curse Of Darkness both arrived on the PS2. Even though the rest of the world opted to go into 3D gaming because it was "the cool new thing" back in the 90s, few companies such as Konami & Capcom stuck to their guns and kept pumping out some amazing new (new at the time) 32-bit generation 2D titles... and the mighty Symphony Of The Night stood as the proud flagship and proof that 2D gaming is here to stay, no matter what the trends are."Wait a moment! You look familiar. And yet.... What do you here?"Sporting tons of monsters, RPG elements, outstanding artwork, Super-Metroid style gameplay, a killer soundtrack, and huge areas to explore (as well as the "other" castle later on), Symphony took most of the best elements of previous Castlevanias, gave the series a massive overhaul in the structural and aesthetic departments and started what is essentially the 2nd generation of Castlevania games. To this day, it remains a gorgeous feast to the eyes, ears, and gaming experience that does in fact, stand the test of time. Although at the time, it appeared that this would be the big hurrah of 2D Vampire Hunting... that is, until the GBA arrived years later heeding the cries for more Symphony:"It was not by my(Team Symphony's) hand that I am once again given flesh... I was called here by humans who wish to pay me tribute."...Tribute in the form of "Circle Of The Moon". More titles arrived soon afterward such as Harmony, Aria, Dawn, Portrait, and the recent Excelsia, all of them spectacular in their own right, and yet still they borrowed heavily from Symphony's style, making this one the Granddaddy of Classic Metroidvanias."Tribute?! You steal men's souls and make them your slaves!"Well... I'm not a slave to Symphony exactly, but I'll admit, this one's quickly become my favorite 2D game of all time due to the fact that I can keep coming back to it year after year and still find something new and fun about the game (try collecting all the rare items(!)). So I suppose it has stolen my soul. And while I can certainly see how newer generations of gamers could find so much to nitpick about it, this one remains a classic in my eyes... all bumps involved. So let's get the cons out of the way: Yes, most of the voice acting is terrible. Yes, the dialogue is cheesy as hell. Yes, the game's difficulty could be a little more challenging. Yes, the "other castle" is essentially the first one upside down. No, you can't get rid of all the inventory clutter of old items to make equipping items easier. But all in all, the gameplay stays amazing as it's ever had in the series, and a style that many gamers now follow to this day."Perhaps the same could be said of all religions..."Controlling Alucard (and Richter) is as fun and fluid as ever, eliminating all the "oh no!" moments from previous games where managing your jumping direction was much more difficult. The animation of your character, the monsters, the castle details and even some of the 3D backgrounds are top notch for the PS1 as well. Definitely a labor of love. With all the special powers, relics & moves you can acquire throughout the game, you can turn your half-vampire/half-human from a simple dagger wielder to a force to be reckoned with. And by the time you reach your father Dracula, you too (along with Richter) will shout out:"Your words are as empty as your soul. Mankind ill needs a savior such as you!"And yes, for the first time in the series (aside from his small playable role in Castlevania III), you get to control Dracula's son. But when the Belmonts are essentially nowhere to be found upon Dracula's arrival (and thus, less whip cracking this time around), mankind seriously needs a savior such as Alucard to pick up the slack and put his father (along with Death, Succubus, and the Dark Priest Shaft) back in their places. Richter brought Dracula down years earlier, but it's up to Alucard to figure out why Richter disappeared as well. And so..."Evil can only triumph when good men do nothing."And that leaves us with just one more question:"What is a man(Metroidvania)? A miserable little pile of secrets!"Secrets. There are LOTS of secrets. But this adventure is also an amazing ride into gaming history nonetheless. If you dig the Metroid style 2D gaming of the newer titles (or just any game like this period), then I HIGHLY recommend you pick up this game in any form you can. (It's also available on the PSP release "Castlevania: The Dracula X Chronicles" and Xbox Live Arcade, thus eliminating the need to hunt down the original for high prices [9/15/09 UPDATE: I learned that the voice acting changed in Dracula X Chronicles... for the worse. So it's your call]). I also suggest (if you haven't played them already):-Circle Of The Moon (GBA)-Harmony of Dissonance (GBA)-Aria Of Sorrow (GBA)-Dawn Of Sorrow (DS)-Portrait Of Ruin (DS)-Order Of Excelsia (DS)-Metroid Zero Mission (GBA)-Metroid Fusion (GBA)-Super Metroid (SNES)"But enough talk... HAVE AT YOU!".
Castlevaina: Symphony of the night - Circa 1997GOOD:- Great-tight controls- Very large 2D world to explore- Hundreds of different enemies to battle- Hundreds of items and secrets to findBAD:- Graphics might seem dated to some- Voice Acting, is not that greatIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE:- Multiple endings- A non-liner 2D side scrolling action RPG- Old school Platforming in a non-liner worldGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Super Metriod- Castlevaina X (Japanese version for the P.C. not the U.S. version on SNES)ADDITIONAL NOTES:- Put your disc in the CD player and play Track 2 for a bonus music track- In the Castlevina Time line this game takes place after Castlevaina: Dracula X on Super Nintendo- The First part of the game states "Final Stage: Blood Lines" this is a recap of the last stage of Castlevaina: Dracula X, but to many it seems as if it's the last stage in Castlevaina Blood Lines (on Sega Genesis) because the level is called "Blood lines". Note Blood Lines is in reference to the Blood Line Dracula and Alucard share and not the game for Sega Genesis- There is an Extended version of this game for Sega Saturn- After beating the game in a certain way you open up a bonus world, which really is just an upside down version of the previous world- This game is now on Xbox Live Arcade. It was the first Xbox Live Arcade title to exceed the 50MB limit restriction, because of this game the limit has been increased to 150MB. The download comes with an HD version of the game (SotN now in Widescreen!) and a original unfiltered port of the game. As well as Xbox Live Achievements (12 in all). It sells for 800 Points or $10.00 USD- Konami also announced a port of Symphony of the Night will be included in Castlevania: The Dracula X Chronicles for the Sony PSP. This version will be packed with a Copy of the Japanese Castlevaina: Dracula X (which was never put out in America before) as well as a total remake of Castlevaina: Dracula X (in 3D, but still plays like the 2D version), this PSP version of SotN will feature full screen graphics as well as a touched up localization in terms of all new voice acting.
In my opionion this is the best CASTLEVANIA out there. This is a 2D game with some nice 3D backgrounds. You have alot of different weapons, spells, and other helpful items that lend support in your long journey. The enemies are very cool to look at (nice animation) however, that doesn't stop you from wanting to shead much blood. The game carries a &quot;T&quot; for &quot;TEEN' rating. There is quite a bit of blood in the game which is cool. I'm telling you right now and many of you know this..CASTLEVANIA: SYMPHONY OF THE NIGHT is HUGE. You will have to back track alot in the game. With that being said, I will also say that even though you do alot of back tracking the game never feels repetitious. The gameplay gets a 100% without a second thought. If you own a PS1, dust it off and buy this masterpiece.
Castlevania: Symphony Of The Night is a great example of how sequels should be done.  Even though Alucard uses a sword instead of the traditional whip, the game seems 100% worthy of the Castlevania title (Don't worry though, if you prefer the whip style of play, you can play through the entire game with Richter once you have completed certain tasks). The gameplay is tight and refined, the graphics are wonderful, there's tons of items and rooms to find, and the music fits each section of the game perfectly.  The 2 castles to explore are massive, but a teleportation system keeps you from having to back track the whole way by foot to get to a desired area. Every feature in this game was obviously paid close attention to by Konami. Fans of the Castlevania series will not be let down.  This is a true classic that every Playstation owner should have.
when I was a wee lad, I played board games, collect four, hungry hippo, monopoly.  They were fun diversions, I was later amazed by the prospect of playing game like pac man, dig dug, ect in arcades, (yah I know I'm old).  I remember the simple days... and It makes my mind wobble how complex, and utterly craptastic, videogames have become today... I've been a gamer pretty much all my life.  So I know how sometimes It's best too keep a game simple, and fun rather then just ruin it by making it too complex.Castlevania manages too find a perfect balance between the simple and complex.  It mixes the old run, jump, smack a monster medusa head, gameplay with street fighter like spells, and wait until you see some of these bosses... some are admittedly lame, others will put your gaming skills too the test. But It's best feature is the awesome design of the castle... and how the developers placed the power ups.Super metroid has been called one of the... if not THE... most well designed game of all time.  The bosses were big and frightening.  the map was desgined with the powerups placed in just such a way that when you found one powerup... It gave you the ability too enter an previously unreachable area, There's a certain rewarding thrill behind playing a game with this design, and the developers are either fans of that design, are worked on super metroid themselves.  Cuz It not only follows that formula, but builds upon it in every way.when you first start the game... there will be all sorts of paths for you too follow... but apparently the archtect of castlevania is a sick joker, cuz even with your supernatural powers, you just can't seem too reach these paths.  But alter in the game... after alot of adventuring, fighting, and finding all sorts of goodies, you will either find what you need too reach that unreachable platform, or wind up on the other side of it through you journeys.  and rest assured it's a fun trip.The powerups are all cool and fun too use, my fave is the mist spell.  that lets your charachter turn into a fog.  your enemies can't touch you when your transformed, so you can just pass through them, and attack thier backs.  others, like changing into a bat, wolf, or being able too super jump, or wear armor that breaks spikes, are all fun too use that has too be played too truly understand.And as for the story... Well, It won't win a oscar, but It's pretty cool.  The last belmont kicks the stuffing outta drac in the beginning of the game, then after four years of friday night poker games, and having a wench in every town... he disappears.  And wouldn't ya know it... about the same time, that fun haunted house that we all know and love as castlevania reappears out of the mist.  Richters sis, maria, puts 2 and 2 together; goes too find him.  (Apparently he owes her money or something :P.)  The half human son of dracula, whos supposed too be locked in an eternal sleep, wakes up after 400 years.  after going too the nearest tailor too get some hip clothes and a much needed bath, he heads out for castlevania as well.  Sword in hand and ready too kick booty... of course that's just the opening... the rest of the story is pretty decent.  I liked how death and allucard had somewhat of a repore.  death seemed at first reluctant too fight him, even gave him a chance too go back... but when allucard refuses too renounce his quest of patricide... the whuppin begins.  moments like these, and many others like It give some more depth too the world of castlevania.I could go on and on... this is a game that has a simple premise... but manages too weave in so many complex elements, all fun, yet never loses the simplicity.  Games were meant too be simple.  a fun distraction from the hectic pace of life. The video gaming industry has grown into such a massive beast over the past few years.  It's no longer a niche hobby.  and such there is a high financial demand for innovation.  But sometimes innovation comes at the cost of fun.  Castlevania SOTN manages too retain the simplicity of the old days.... while having innovations up the kazoo.  That's why so many people have scuh strong feelings for it today.  I would reccommend this too anyone that likes videogames, or wants too start playing them.  Solid snake is cool and all, but Allucard Just has more style.  if they ever making a fighting game centred around the coolest video game charachter ever... expect too see these two in the finals.Of course thats just my opinon.  I could be wrong.  :P.
Castlevania has been around since the original NES. we have played as countless belmonts, earned countless powerups, and destroyed draculas on countless occasions. Now the castle is back and to the rescue come Alucard, an acient vampire slayer with a shocking past. The castle is huge, the action is huge, and the enemies are huge!Throughout some of the more recent installments of castlevania there have been several different powers to acquire. whether those be magical cards, or the collection of souls, its been around. In this installment Alucard collects relics. These relics can do anything from allow you to jump twice in midair, to summon a ghost to help you in your battle through the castle. The relics are all nicely organized uin the pause menu, and are easily tuned on and off with the simple touch of a button.Another great addition to SOTN is the spells. You are able to buy magic scrolls from the merchant, which contain button combinations of how to perform different spells. Everything from health regeneration to summoning souls for a quick attack on the enemy, with ease! with this merchant comes my one and only gripe. In this game you only have the choice to sell of different gems, zircon, aquamarine, garnet, and so on. Toward the end of the game a relic which duplicates any item use becomes available, the only problem? its 500,000 dollars! seeign that the most valuable gem, the diamond, only pulls 20,000 bucks, it takes quite a logn time to find all the money for this item. I thought being able to sell off old, useless weapons, armor, and accesories would have helped this problem a long a bit better than simply wandering the castle for cash.In conclusion, it is impossible to talk about the plot of this game and not give anything away, so you will just have to play it. Take it from me, a person who has been collecting videogames for years and years, this game is going to attain a very high price tag in not very long. The original version can go for upward of 50 dollars, and ive even seen the greatest hit version for 40! Its a great expierience you won't be able to put down, great for the action/RPG junkie!
Castlevania: Symphony of the Night is a masterpiece. That's all i can really say about this game. The animation is great, the enemies are imaginative and varied, the controls are quick and responsive, the exploration is fun... I only have one complaint, and that's with the terrible, terrible voice acting. But, even that gains a certain amount of charm and will bring a "Oh, that's so bad!" Smile to your face.There were two things that struck me the most in this game. The first is the art. Appropiately gothic, macabre, moody, dark, ornate and beautiful. I always looked around in amazement at the sections of the castle as i explored it's seemingly infinite corridors. The animation for your main character and your enemies is fluid, nuanced, and wonderful to look at. And, unlike many games from the PS1 era, hold up fantastically today.The second aspect that still wows is the games music. From Jazz, to Classical, to Rock, the game's soundtrack is varied and always will get stuck in your head. It is moody, desolate, exciting, and mysterious at all the right times.There is one thing that I did dislike about the game. That had to do with the exploration of the castl. Things are fine and dandy when you're finding new places to go and new enemies to fight, but eventually, you'll get stuck. And, inevitably, you'll be roaming the same halls over and over again until you discover that secret room, or new ability that will allow you to progress. While not gamebreaking, i did have to just stop playing because i was tired of making no progress, give it a while, and then go back to it with fresh eyes.If you have a PSP or a PS3, download it from the playstation store. Or, on Xbox Live, you can download a high-definition version of the game. If you liked Shadow Complex or Metroid Fusion/Zero Mission, this game is right up your alley. Do yourself a favor and get it!
This grows on, in, and around your consciousness.  Castlevania: SOTN is bliss, a heavenly escape from life.  Transcending mere fun, this game becomes a way of 10-hour life; maybe not so long, but one joyous ride.  Corny voice acting gives a lighthearted twist to the intended serious story, but that's hardly enough to detract from the uncut fun.  If you enjoy hybrids, I've counted these genres: platform, action, adventure, and RPG, one heady mix, and need nonstop action from your games, Castlevania should have long ago been yours.
There are only a handful of games that I will play multiple times, and Castlevania, Symphony of the Night(SOTN)is one of those games.  This game is so addictive, so fun, and so diverse that I have played through it about 10 times and still am not bored with the game.  In fact, I wore my original copy out so that it had scratches on it, so I had to go online and purchase a brand new copy.  Anyways, this game combines classic Castlevania 2-D elements, side scrolling combat, rpg relics and equipment, and a great magical and battle system all into one game.  Furthermore, you get to play as Alucard who first appeared as an optional character in the NES game Castlevania 3, Dracula's Curse.The graphics in this game are simply amazing and are probably the best 2-dimensional graphics ever produced in a game.  The soundtrack is absolutely phenomenal and makes the gameplay even more fun;  Many of the tracks fit the environemnts and castle sections perfectly so it really adds a great dimension to the game.  The gameplay is excellent.  There is just so much variety and so much equipment that it is hard to get bored or to experiment with everything.  You can Alucard with countless swords and armors, learn magical spells, and collect numerous relics that will allow Alucard to transform into a bat, wolf, or mist.  Eventually, Alucard can learn additional skills which will allow him to attack in those forms so well.  The castle itself is large and has a lot to explore with many different enemies to fight.  Moreover, the replay value is great because you can play through as Richter once you beat the game, and even if you want to play through as Alucard again, there are always new itmes to find.The only negative thing I have to say about this game, and a very small and minor thing it is, is that the voice acting is very sub-standard.  Yet, even this element brings a certain charm and likeable quality to the game that I really don't think I would change.  Trust me, this is one outstanding game and one no one should go without in their Playstation library.  If you don't own a copy look at used game retailers for a used copy.  If that fails, search online at auction retailers or other locations until you find a copy of Castlevania SOTN.  Believe me, you won't be dissappointed.
The good:  the music, graphics, level design, difficulty, the weapons/armor, the bosses, shear size of the world.  The best in 2D gaming.The bad:  perhaps the worst voice acting ever.
When people talk about the greatest game for the PSX most people will probably tell you Final Fantasy VII or something like that.  But I always think of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.  By far this is the greatest 2D platformer to ever grace the gaming world, and there is no Castlevania better than Symphony of the Night.The game begins in 1792 with Richter Belmont going into battle with Dracula.  After Richter emerges victorious and banishes Dracula, the mysterious Castle disappears.  But a year afterwards Richter suddenly vanishes.  Maria, a close friend of his sets out to find him and out of nowhere Castlevania, the home of Dracula appears out of nowhere.You play as Alucard, the son of Dracula, who rushes into Castlevania when it appears in order to destroy it and prevent Dracula from returning.It's a very simple story, but its an action/adventure game.  The game also throws in some RPG elements.  Unlike the past Castlevania games, you're character now levels up and can equip weapons and armor.  Alucard also doesn't use the trademark whip like the Belmont's used to.  You actually use a Sword in one hand and you can even have a different weapon in another.  The game also presents a Super Metroid style map that you will use as you explore the castle looking for bosses to defeat and finding all of your abilities to take on Dracula.Like the classic games you've got "Sub-weapons" that use hearts.  Each weapon has its advantages and disadvantages.  For example, the throwing knives can be used for long range attacks but are fairly weak.  The Holy Cross does TONS of damage but cost a lot of hearts.You also have "relics" that you either find lying around or get from defeating bosses.  These relics help Alucard out and enhance his abilities.  You can use some relics to help you turn into a Wolf, turn into a bat or a cloud of mist. There is also a relic that lets you summon an ally known as a "Familiar" by your side.You can also use spells to hinder your skills.  The spells are done with a D-Pad combination.The visual look and feel of this game is astonishing.  A 2D game has never looked this good.  Even so many years later the graphics look really good.  Some are a tad bit fuzzy but you'll quickly get over that.The music is perhaps the best part about Castlevania: SOTN.  The tunes are addicting and you'll be humming them for a while.  The tunes were so good that I found myself just... standing around in one area just so I could enjoy the music.The game also throws in a twist halfway through.  Once you're done exploring the first castle you'll go to a "Reverse" castle in which everything is upside down.  The game also has four different endings.This is perhaps the best Playstation game of all time.  It is the best Castlevania hands down (with the excellent Circle of the Moon coming in second) and is the most breathtaking in the series.
Castlevania: Symphony of the Night is, simply put, a masterpiece. The classic side scrolling action is very well done, as is the use of Spells and the power to Equip, use Secret Uses for equipment (Weapon Ex. With some weapons, they have a special attack that can be executed with Left, Left-Down, Down, Right-Down, Right or vice versa. Accessories Ex. With the Gravity Boots if you press Down, Up and then X (jump) you rocket into the air to dizzying heights). The gameplay is smooth, unless you encounter many enemies with graphically impressive attacks, at which point the action lags.  The castle is huge, not to mention once you "beat the game" (the first castle) there's still half of the game left (the inverted castle). When you complete the whole game, you recieve passwords to obtain special abilities in your next game.  This game is NOT LINEAR! You basically choose your route through the castle. Let's not forget the amazing soundtrack.  The boss fights, however, need mentioning do to their either very easy or very hard state. Dracula (the final boss) is a cakewalk, but don't let that determine your purchase. The game itself is of medium length, but the amount of extra stuff to do allowed me to clock in around 30 hours on my first run (most time was spent exploring and training, the game takes maybe 15 hours). Needless to say, I still play the game, 4 years from it's release! Buy immediately!
Quite frankly you are smoking rocks if this game doesn't become one of the most pleasantly infectious gaming memories of your life.  I should really hate this game for the hundreds of hours it has managed to detract me from doing things society would label as "important".  I love this game more than my mom and I've told that to her face.  Even if you don't end up liking this game I believe everybody owes it to themselves to try it out.With that said, this game is poetry in motion.  From the music to the artwork, everything is simply a pleasure for the senses and when coupled with solid simplistic and fun gameplay you really can't argue.The game has a sprite based watercolor feel to it and you aren't going to find an artistic direction like this in many other games because the lead character designer on this game, Ayami Kojima, is entirely self trained.  The art is perfect for this game though.  From the most obvious to the smallest detail you ARE in Dracula's castle.  Nothing feels out of place.  My only gripe here is that if you aren't playing the game on an overclocked Saturn then you're going to experience some lag when a lot is going on meaning that sometimes they were a little too ambitious with their work.The music sets the mood perfectly in this game.  I kind of like video game music from time to time, but I own this album and listen to it regularly.  The music can be serene and creepy for underground areas or drive powerful metal guitar riffs for those more intense moments.  Again, everything is paired perfectly (environments and music) and not a single area rubs you the wrong way.  There's also a hidden music track on this game if you put it in to a CD player which is kind of funny, so check it out.The gameplay, what's not to like here?  Taking everything cool about RPGs and pairing it flawlessly with everything good about action/platforming games.  The controls are solid, you can belt spells out Street Fighter style at a moments notice or backdash for dodging without thinking about it.  My only gripe is that the game can be super easy once you know what you're doing, but I really don't care because the game is such a joy to play.It's not necessarily obvious upon completing the game but there are TONS of replay modes and different endings to get.  You can play through with a different character, and several different sets of starting stats by entering a different name when you start the game.  There are also certain items, like the Duplicator, that are only available after you have cleared the game once.I could go on for days about the pleasures of this game but I've told you what you need to know.  With this game now being on the 360 arcade and supposedly coming out on the PSP there is no excuse not to play it.  I dream of the day when a true console sequel is made for this game with Guilty Gear Isuka quality graphics *DROOL*...
This game is by far one of the best Castlevania game in the franchise. Super Catslevania IV is my personal favorite, but this one is definitely tied for 2nd place, along with Aria of Sorrow on the Gameboy Advance. Yes SotN was the first game to begin the so called "Metroidvania" phase, but the game itself is spectacular. Even if you enjoy the more linear (point A to point B) style of the original Castlevania games (outside of Simon's Quest)you should really enjoy the more open world feel that this style brings to the table. This game will challenge you to a point of frustration, but will keep you coming back again and again. The music is great, the enemies are unique, and there are so many subweapons, and powerups to keep this game fresh. I will continue to play and replay this one again and again.
Throughout Castlevanias history there have been only three thus far that did not follow the mainstream pattern.  Those were Castlvania 2 Simons Quest (NES) Castlevania Circle of the Moon (GBA) and Castlevania Symphony of the Night.  What seperated these three titles from the rest of the series?  They were Action RPG', not mainstream action games.Castlevania Symphony of the Night is the second approach at the RPG format.  This time however you are not a Belmont, instead the last one to this point (Richter) has mysteriously vanished around the same time that Castle Dracula has Re-emerged.  Maria goes in search of Richter and that's where you come in.You play Alucard, a half vampire half human.  Alucard was last seen fighing alongside Trevor Belmont, Grant DyNasty, and Sypha Belanade in Castlevania 3 the prequal to the first game (but not the earliest Belmont).  These three are somewhat resurected for a bossfight.  Alucard has reawaken to fight his father and put his cursed bloodline to rest.  after being stripped of his items early on you must explore Castle Dracula for clues as to what happened to Richter and put an end to Dracula.Graphically this game is a wonder.  Easily one of the best PSX games of all time (PSM rated this #3 for the top 50 PSX games).  It is (gasp) 2D, almost unheard of today.  In truth however that made this game even more fun and graphically amazing than before.However what truely stands out is the music.  Never has a Castlevania game had such outstanding music than this.  It is amazing and a wonder to own.In the end this is a definite keeper.  The only way not to like this is if you are either a devoted follower to 3D games, or don't like Castlevania.  Buy this now, I command you to.
So much has already been said about this game. One of the best and most riveting games on the PSX. At the end of the castle there is a surprise waiting for you! I will not spoil it.The graphics are impressive, for it's time, as well as the animation and control. The music and sounds fit the subject very well.Definitely a game worth while getting and playing. Fun, orignal and not to be missed. A game to be passed down or willed to a family member :).
To try and describe a game like SOTN is near impossible. Think of it as an onion that as a gamer you will peel away at for years. The creators of this masterpiece were either obsessive compulsive designers hell bent on blowing the minds of the gaming world, or mad geniuses creating a masterpiece the same way Picasso brought a painting into existence. No other game that exists today can match the depth and scope of this marvel.If you are new to sotn don't dismiss it outright, look into and admire the richness of it like someone would a fine wine.This is the pinnacle of the glory days of gaming, a polished gem that is THE essence of videogaming.No game since has come close to touching it.
Symphony is just a terrific game. It leaves anything before it, and many knock offs after it in the dirt. Alucard is not a whip slinging goof, not that the first two Castelvania games were bad in any respect. This just turns everything up several notches. A huge amount of items, armor, and weapons to use. Including some upgrades favorites (The Axe, Holy Water, Boomerang) New stuff like familliars (Little critters who have special powers, and will be a huge help to Alucard), an RPG level Up system, so you are able to take on the nasty beast that Dracula throws at you.  I have played this for years! And will continue to do so, huge amount of replay value just because of how beautiful it is. Just go get it, oh and a strategy guide or you'll be up poop creek.
Exploration. Gothic Theme. Power-Ups. Great Music. Perfect Pacing. lots of Items. Huge variety of Enemies. Secret Areas. Well made puzzles.I really love the ambiance of this game. From the very start this world is just dripping with grit. The boss fights aren't too tough, but if you're like me you like feeling overpowered. Additionally, this game has several play modes. I don't want to spoil anything, but you can play as people other than Alucard. Or as a modified Alucard ;)MUST MUST MUST BUY! That is if you like Castlevania games...
Castlevania: Symphony of the Night harkens back to the early and great Castlevanias of the old NES, but with vastly updated graphics, gameplay, and even ambiance.  Sure, it's still a 2-D scroller where you roam around and jump around on platforms and what not, but it's at the top of the heap.  The game starts somewhat oddly with you as a vampire hunter facing off against Dracula in a fairly wacky fight that always reminds me of a pro wrestling match.  You beat Dracula, at which point time warps ahead and you switch to Alucard, Dracula's remorseful son (spell Alucard backwards..yah, clever) who brings the fight to Dracula's vast and labyrinthe castle in an effort to do away with his evil sire for all time.  At first I was put off by what I thought was a bizarre and inelegant introduction (the human vampire hunter is a character from one of the mediocre middle Castlevania games, and is very unwieldy) but it turns out the manner in which you use him to defeat Dracula "historically" in the plot affects Alucard's starting abilities.  Meaning if you beat up on Drakula with magic, Alucard later favors magic.  Ditto for melee combat.Anyway, the game is lush and filled with endless amounts of loot.  Any monster has a chance to drop rare goodies when slain (based on Alucard's Luck stat), fake walls crumble to reveal hidden platemail, accidentally-tripped switches open bookcases or trapdoors, and zillions of types of monsters appear from all over the place.  The music is great and quite haunting, and the game's RPG and money system are quite well developed.  Alucard has quick "combo" spells you can use while fighting, and many of the weapons, shields, and armors he finds have their own effects which have to be discovered in game play.  I've located weapons that let Alucard teleport, summon the undead to fight for him, call lightning, ice, or fire, or even waves of holy light down on his foes.  Everything from helms to circlets to rings to boots can be worn, and Alucard eventually even develops the ability to transform into traditional vampire modes.  Dissipate into a swirling cloud of mist and waft through a ceiling vent to escape your enemies, turn into a wolf and charge through crowds of zombies, or transform into a bat and fly around breathing fire on everyone.  Lastly Alucard collects various magical relics throughout the game, that do everything from let him breathe underwater to have permament familiars that float around with him on screen and help him out (the dancing runesword is not to be missed).  As an example of the thought put into this game, your familiars themselves even gain experience and go up levels, growing both stronger and smarter over time.  For example, the runesword familiar at first just kinda floats along behind you, lethargically swinging at things long after they took a bite out of you.  But after a while it turns into a gleaming heat seeking weapon of vengeance, mercilessly smiting anything the second it shows up on screen.  At one point I turned Alucard into mist and just drifted around while the sword familiar took out a boss for me.  This game also has more items and secrets in it than your average Final Fantasy, and is more addictive.  It is also one of the least frustrating games you can find; you can save as often as you want in save rooms you find on your map (in a coffin, natch), heal yourself easily, and as a vampire you're more than a match for the sluggish beasts you meet early on.  The challenge of the game comes from an easy balance of combat and puzzle solving, rather than a heavy reliance on one or the other.Lastly, and most entertainingly, the bosses in this game are amazing.  Unlike earlier side scrollers where the game progressed through 'levels', in Symphony of the Night you simply roam around an enormous, maze-like castle.  You never know when suddenly a steel grate will drop behind you and you'll find yourself trapped in a fight with, oh, a grotesque giant mummy suspended on steel hooks that takes up 6 screens worth of animation.  That's just the sort of thing that's worth the price of admission.
Castlevania: Symphony of the Night is quite simply the best game for the Playstation and certainly one of the best games of all time. It has all the things that make a game great: challenging battles, crisp graphics, hidden secrets, an enchantingly spooky score, and an exciting background story.You play Alucard, a blood relative of the evil Dracula, in your quest to put the evil of your family line to rest.  Most Castlevania games feature whip-wielding Belmonts as the main character, but trust me - Alucard is the ultimate video game hero.  His aloof yet admirable personality, sword skills, and awesome appearance make him a hero that you can truly be proud to play as.  Alucard is a major contributor to the trend in good video games to make a more complex protagonist.The most fun you will have playing this game is trying to get a higher "percentage" of the game complete by uncovering other parts of the map: a feature Castlevania developers have used in almost every game since SOTN.  You saw it here first.  After completing the first part of the game, you are thrown a curveball: the upside-down castle.  SOTN was so revolutionary in its level design, yet it feels so natural to play.  It is the most polished 2D game ever made.Granted, this game - which is part of a series of loosely connected games based on vampire myths - does not have the best or most consistent story of any game; not even any action game.  The basic progression of events will not surprise you or bring you to tears.  What will bring you to tears is the happiness you take away from you when you beat a boss, find something new, or complete the game.  Konami mastered the art of 2D gaming in Castlevania: SOTN, and with the age of all-3D gaming (even in Konami's planned SOTN sequel) it is safe to say SOTN will remain the best game of its kind.  No gamer is complete without it.
I remember way back when the Playstation first came out, a friend of mine only had a demo of this game because the actual game wasn't going to come out for a few months. The demo featured one ship on the first track for one lap, and you had to wait for it to load every time. I must have played it a million times. I actually got to the point where I could get in third place on the first lap.Where am I going with this, you ask? Well, I have probably played more racing games in my life than any other kind of game. I have played pretty much every kind of racing game in existance, from Gran turismo and Rage racer on Playstation to Hydro Thunder and Star Wars Episode 1:Pod Racer on Dreamcast, fron Diddy Kong on N64 to F-Zero and Mario Kart on Super Nintendo. And I am here to tell you that this one of the best racing games ever made, not just on Playstation, but on any system.First, there is the graphics. Yes, they have draw-in, yes, they are low-res compared to most games today. But you know what, these graphics are better than those found in most games made today. How can that be? Simply because the graphics have what is missing from so many other games, STYLE. And let's not forget that each track in the game looks VASTLY different in Raptor League from how it looks in Venom League (playing at a different time of day means completely different lighting, and the lighting looks amazing). Despite it's age, this is a BEAUTIFUL game. From the Martian Red Sky to the Far-North Crystal Course, this game is wonderful to watch.Then, there is the control. Some have complained about the control, saying it feels too &quot;floaty&quot;. But you know what? It's a hovercraft. It's supposed to feel that way. Once you get the hang of it, you grow to love it. It took me a long, long, time to be able to play this game in first-person mode. Every time you hit the wall, the camera goes sideways, disorienting you. But once you get used to controlling the hovercraft in first-person mode, you feel like you've attained a new level of racing skill, and the game becomes that much more fun.Sound in this game is awesome. Your craft has a cool engine sound, and the voice telling you you've about to get hit by a missile is classic. But what really blows my mind is the soundtrack. It is my favorite game soundtrack of all time. I copied the whole thing off of the game and burned it onto a cd, because it's so great. And when I first ripped it off the cd onto my hard drive, people were downloading the tracks like crazy. Imagine that.The thing which seperates a great game from a good one is replay value. This game has replay value like you wouldn't believe. I've owned it for years. Yet, every once in a while I simply must go for a spin down one of the tracks. The music, the graphics, the controls...Pefect. This game is a work of art. The best thing to every come from Psygnosis, and in my opinion, the best game in the series. If you love racing games, you'll buy this one and guard it with you life.
It's a fun game. You play as a glove,and he has to get all the crystals. If I am correct there is 4 worlds/areas. It's a fun game. I'm sad they never released Glover 2. [Glover 2 got cancelled].
This game can be either really easy or really hard, depending on the settings the player chooses.  There are two settings that really matter in terms of difficulty: difficulty level and control type.  Difficulty level determines how hard it is to take out enemy planes, how easily you get shot down, and how hard it is to evade enemy missiles.  Control type is found in the options menu (when you select a mission) and has an even bigger effect.  With the novice (defalt) controls, your plane automatically turns back to level after turns and you can't control yaw (rotational turn left and right) or invert.  On expert mode, you can do anything: barrel roll, reverse illemans, REAL break turns, etc.  The latter makes the already difficult levels nearly impossible (except for dogfights, which are much easier with expert controls).  Secondly, the levels are incredibly detailed; at one point, you fly into an enemy base that is in caverns in a mountain.  It feels like mission impossible.  Finally, I don't know what people are talking about when they say that the plane you choose doesn't matter.  It does.  Just trust me.  I would recommend this game to almost anyone.  It does a good job of making levels hard for better replay value and allows you to some crazy moves with experts controls.  Its best trait is that you can play it on two different levels: a plane-based shoot-em-up or a combat intensive flight-sim.
Air Force Delta is one of the sweetest games on the Dreamcast! The graphics are not great but they are cool and more than get the job done. The varing missions keep the game refreshing and exciting and add a lot of replay value. The music is not worthy of a seperate cd soundtrack but it is good for the game. There are TONS of planes to buy which add some depth to the game because you have to choose a good plane for the various missions.Is you want a great flying experience for the Dreamcast look no further.
I really like this game here. Sure it's a little cheesy but the graphics make up for it. They are very colorful and are such a nice departure from the dark and gloomy Resident evil type locals. I would describe it as Resident Evil in a Chrono Cross setting, very tropical.
Though some will tell you that XL is the best, XL doesn't have analog support.  And besides, the tracks in 3 are just hard enough.  And the female voice of your ship's computer is helpful, while not being irritating.  The music is great, and like some PSone games, you can drop it into your computer and rip it.  Chemical Brothers - Under the Influence is probably my favorite song on this.I'd reccomend this over Wipeout Fusion, because Fusion didn't really get the controls down 100% and the tracks aren't well balanced.  Wipeout 3 is about as fast and hectic as you can get.When I think of this game, in my head I hear the female computer voice say "Force wall."  :).
This may not be a gigantic leap over the near-flawless Wipeout XL, but as they say, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.  In fact, with the addition of Challenge modes, as well as the return of the Tournament mode, Wipeout 3 is the most complete game of the 3.  Graphics are incredibly smooth and fast, as usual, with little to none of that background &quot;pop-in&quot; that plagued the first two.  The ships look a little like Lego though.  Wipeout's claim to fame (other than vomit-inducing speed) has always been its pulsing soundtrack, and this time around, it can be the best of the 3 (Chemical Brothers' Influence and Sasha's Xpander) but it can also be the worst (an uncharacteristically weak tune from Orbital and the rest of Sasha's contributions).  No fear, though, because the gameplay has been relatively untouched.  The biggest new feature is the hyper-thrust.  The R1 button sacrifices shield energy for a little extra speed, which minimizes the loss of speed from hitting the wall (believe me, you WILL hit the wall).  There are some new weapons, including the force wall and energy drain, but no turbo boost(sob...).  It's also important to mention that combat plays a much larger role in this outing.  It can mean the difference between 1st and 6th.  I haven't stuck with it for exceptionally long, but I've noticed that it is much harder to win in this game, except on Vector (which isn't how you should be playing anyway).  I find that a good thing though.  I'm now at the point where I'm winning the Venom circuits, but still struggling to win gold with the Rapier Class.  I also like the idea that you start with 4 tracks and 4 ships, but if you win enough races, you'll end up with 8 tracks (check out the Manor Top) and 8 ships (Icaras is a treat).  It can be frustrating finishing 4th all the time, but the reward of finally winning is worth the effort.  If you're a fan of the Wipeout series (you probably are if you're reading this) then Wipeout 3 is just as good as any other.  If Wipeout has never really appealed to you, then you should save your money this time around too (for a shrink).
Wipeout 3 was a great way to get into the franchise because it has the best of what the previous games offered plus a little more. The graphics got some serious update since Wipeout 2 and the gameplay is a lot smoother and faster. Add to that a killer soundtrack and some nice little extras and this game is an obvious choice for any arcade racing fan.First of all the racing is just plain fun. Frame rate is very smooth and the tracks are varied and challenging. If you're not familiar with Wipeout at all then think of it as a sci-fi racing game. You're racing on an anti-gravity sled thingy that's not only built for speed but armed to take out your opponents the dirty way (by either slowing them down with a land mine or completely trashing their vehicle with a guided missile). Just keep in mind the other racers can do the same. So you have a combination of racing and a little tactical combat as well.There are some tweaks and improvements from the last games, but the one I'm going to focus on is the instant replay. This is a very cool feature that lets you see the race you just finished from the cameraman's point of view. You see yourself racing past the crowds and screaming around curves (or crashing against the side rails depending on your performance) as if you were watching the race on tv. Neat feature.The soundtrack is the best of the series (with Wipeout Fusion a close second). Many people prefer Wipeout 2's soundtrack because it has different and eclectic styles of electronica. To me, however, W3 has all the songs built for speed. You get a who's who of artists like Chemical Brothers, Orbital, Underworld, Propellerheads, DJ Sasha and more. For nothing else get this game for the cool soundtrack.Considering the price of the game today you would be crazy not to buy it, even for just the soundtrack (which you can rip from the game CD). I have played it on my PS2 with no problems and the gameplay still keeps me coming back. Arcade race fans... this game is a winner.
At this point I've played every Wipeout game ever made except two. Wipeout Pure for the PSP, and Wipeout HD for the Playstation 3. While Fusion was kinda neat in a couple of ways, and 64 was fun, the real must-owns were definitely Wipeout, Wipeout XL, and Wipeout 3.The first game was slick and pretty and had a beautiful soundtrack, the second was fast beyond all belief, let you blow up the competition, and had music that was a lot more intense (and so were the weapons). The third game is...different, but still very very good.The first two games had slick presentation to be sure, but it can't touch this game. The whole Designer Republic thing has just been kicked into overdrive, and everything has that very simplified futuristic super-clean, super-simple look. Kinda like P.N. 03. Different. But for menus, still nice (except for the fact that you can't read the tech specs on the vehicles because the text is illegible ugh!).The track graphics on the other hand, are like taking the pretty graphics of the first game, accelerating them to near the levels of the second game, and running everything through a graphical filter that makes them look like the style of Need for Speed 4: High Risk or R4: Ridge Racer 4. Again, different. On the whole though, I love the graphics. They feature lots of animations (like birds taking off or aircraft flying by), and are very detailed and smooth, and just pleasant and soothing to look at (less sharp edges and dark moody atmosphere and more happy pastel colors).The weapons are combination of old and some new, with the new being nothing to write home about. Personally I think the weapons from the second game were the best. The craft though, are probably the best of any game in the series. They are all unique, but thus far I've found none of them to have what I would call a crippling shortcoming. They are all fun to use and handle very differently. Sweet. The tracks feature more of the brilliant track design of the first two games, so you'll want to play them over and over and over. The controls are the style and feel as the previous two games, but a boost function that drains your shields has been added (which actually changes the way you play the game quite a bit). There are loads of tracks, vehicles, events, ect to unlock through getting medals in all events with every kind of vehicle, so the game has lots of replay value. The design of the vehicles is also pretty cool if you ask me.If you liked the first two Wipeout games, you'll love this one. The same great Wipeout gameplay with new tracks, new vehicles, and more great unique graphics. Trust me, even if you don't really care for it all that much at first, keep playing. It grows on you. And of course it gets a lot more exciting when you unlock the faster race classes...
Tony Hawks Pro Skater is one of the best games on playstation. You can play as Tony Hawk or as one of the nine top pros. It includes signature pro moves, fully skateable worlds, head-to-head competitions, and instant  replay modes. You can play in many championships with more than 50  fascinating moves, one of which is the madonna. Skate through many worlds  including malls, parks, and schools. Me, my sister, and my friends love  this game! Work your way up the ranks by landing suicidal tricks in brutal  competitions to become the highest-ranked skate boarding champ! You'll love  this game. You have to have  it!
Honostly people, this is the best game on Playstation today, and will most likely take ages to outclass. I first learned of this game from a review in a magazine, but I wasn't really into skateboarding, so I decided to let this one slide. Coincidentally, my cousin brought over his Dreamcast version, and one night later, I was off to buy this game at the nearest location possible. In this game, you play as one of 8 of the world's greatest pro skaters, as you compete in different levels and competitions. By doing different moves on your board (this is done by moving the left joystick in any direction, and pressing either square or circle or triangle - square does flips, circle does holds, and triangle does different grinds).In your skating adventures, you compete to win &quot;tapes&quot; which are used to unlock new boards, new levels, new characters, and competitions. To win the tapes, you've got to board your way like a pro through different levels, trying to destroy certain objects, beat high scores, spell the word SKATE, and by finding a hiddin tape (obviously hiddin in the level). It may sound kinda simple, it may sound complicated....but trust me, it's ALL GOOD! And even if you do manage to find someone who hates this game, who could hate the great tracks of music it features, from REAL bands?  Okay, but here's where I'm gonna get picky. Sometimes while pulling off moves that you need to get you that top score, you'll fall over on some un-foreseen object, or you'll be goin for a quarter pipe, and a car will hit you (yes, there are cars!). But that's really gettin picky! The only other real draw back I can find is that it's too addictive!  Trust me and buy this game!
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater has got to sport the best replay value of any game on earth.  Its great because you dont have to be a fan of the sport to play  this fantastic skate boarding game.  Play in many different enviornmets,  like skate parks for example with ramps, rails and pools to all perform  fantastic high air tricks.  Its also nice because the learning curve is not  too great.  I picked this game up and was jumping off ramps, spining, board  kicking and sliding down rails in no time.  I just can not stop playing  Tony Hawk's Pro Skater, I think I may need profesional help!
Everything was in good shape when it arrived. It arrived in a timely manner. It completed my set of Tony Hawk games for the PSONE. It went well with my set.
After getting rid of Playstation, I became nostalgic about the game and decided to re-buy the game! Truly the ORIGINAL Tony Hawk game cannot be beat! Great classic from the late 90s! I would recommend this game to any gamer!
lets face it, the graphics are awful compared to what we're used to these days but even now the game is still a ton of fun and worth playing again. check out the new THPS HD version on the xbox360 and ps3 for some nostalgia with better gameplay.
This is the first instalment of the tony hawk series. This is the start of greatness because it allows you for the first time to become one of your favorite skateboarders. You board through great levals completing objectives and winning compatitions. This is also an awsome multiplayer game. You get to skate against your friends to get the most points or in the grafiti mode. In grafiti you see who can do the most tricks on different areas of the leval whoever claims the most territory wins. This is an all aroung great game and a must buy but the graphics could use some work.
From warehouses, schools, and malls to big citys and a ship, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater is an awesome sports game! So many moves available, it has to be one of the best games i own. It has awesome features like options to save and replay your runs in any level any time you want, you can do a two minute run in any level with Single Session, and you can play in any level as long as you want in Free Skate.Although, this game does suffer a little bit of damage. The first mistake is the lack of challange up to the sixth level:1st Level: Warehouse - Way too easy, i got all five tapes in one turn.2nd Level: School - SIMPLE, if you can't get all five tapes then there's something wrong with you.3rd Level: Mall - Easy as well, took a few trys to get the secret tape, but, now that i know where it's at this level is easy as ...4th Level, 1st Competition: Skate Park - Come on! These judges are way too easy to impress, you don't even have to get 10,000 to win the gold!5th Level: Downtown - Bit more challenging, but most of its easy.6th Level: Downhill Jam - The hardest level in the game, there are several things wrong here. First, S-K-A-T-E, how in the ... are you supposed to get SKATE when the E is at an almost impossible position? I've seen it done but it's hard as ... to get. Second, the secret tape is way to hard to get, i mean, come on, you have to have slow mode on to get it, otherwise, it's very very hard to reach. Why didn't they put this as the last level instead of Streets? It's way harder than that level.7th Level, 2nd Competion: Burnside - Great challenge, awesome layout.8th Level: Streets - The best level for the fact that every challenge is as easy as it is hard.9th Level, 3rd Competition: Roswell - Very hard to impress judges, but great layout. (Remember, you have to get all gold in all three competitions to get your video)Hope you enjoyed my review.Now Get Your ... Out Of The House And Go Skate!
The original Tony Hawk Pro Skater was a surprise hit for Activision when it was originally released for the Playstation because it was unlike any other skating game before it.  Other games with skateboarding like Sony's Xtreme series (2Xtreme, 3Xtreme, etc...) incorporated skateboarding, but the results were lackluster at best.  What made Tony Hawk go above and beyond your average extreme sports games was that there was an added realism incorporated with easy to pull moves and tricks that rounded out a real fun package.  This game was revolutionary at its time, and it spawned two sequels that topped the original, and a host of imitators that still can't match the original Tony Hawk.  The soundtrack is worth noting as well; Primus, Dead Kennedys, Suicidal Tendencies, and the Suicide Machines lend some tracks making the game even more enjoyable.  If you have never played the original Tony Hawk, but have played the sequels, chances are you won't like this, but no matter how you look at it, the original Tony Hawk Pro Skater is a piece of modern video game history.
THPS is one of those games that you can't stop playing for weeks.  I remember the first day that I bought it, I played until midnight and then remembered I had to go to school the next day and stopped.  That day I couldn't learn, I just was thinking about playing the game.  Finally, 287 hours later, the bell rang and I ran home. I didn't do my homework, told my mom that I didn't have any, got some popcorn, soda and chips, and went to my room and played the game until midnight again, the same thing happened all week.  The reason for this happens is simple, the game is near perfect, no wait, I'll re-frase, it IS PERFECT!  The graphics are good, tricks are very well-done, levels are all fun, the pros you can be are good choices, and the soundtrack is so wicked awesome.  I also think that the plot was good, and how many sports games have plots? Yeah, like NONE!  And when you beat the game, instead of saying, &quot;Okay, what do I do know?&quot; you say something like &quot;Whew! that was sick! I want to go and check out that huge gap in the Downhill Jam level.&quot;So, if you like Tony Hawk, get this game. If you like skateboarding, get this game.  If you like skateboarding video games, get this game.  If you like sports games, get this game. If you don't like skateboarding, get this game.  If you don't like sports games get this game.  If you like or don't like anything I just mentioned, get this game.  That means, anybody, everbody! If you can hear me, go Get Tony Hawk's Pro Skater!
Skateboarding is not a crime - but trying to top Tony Hawks Pro Skater in the Fun Factor rating will be. This fast paced thrill-a-minute skateboarding game will be the standard on the PlayStation for a while. It's one of the best games this year, and it's full slate of tricks, bails, and twists that will keep you satisfied for a while. Don't think that just because it's a skater game that you have to be a skater to play it. Tony Hawk lets the novice and the skate junkie alike enjoy the action. There's no complicated story line or rendered cut scenes in-between skating - you simply grind, gleam, and glide through ten different skate areas including classics like Burnside in Portland or the streets of San Francisco. You'll tear it up in abandoned warehouses, schools, and even in a river gorge in Phoenix. Pick from one of ten skaters, all with different moves and special tricks as you try to grab high scores, find hidden video tapes, and collect other items to help you reach your objectives. The game is a slick piece of work for the PlayStation. Although you will find the occasional seam split or blank polygonal dead-end, you'll be amazed by the detail in the game, including the full-on face bashing and asphalt blood-letting that hardcore skaters are used to. But what really seals this skate's fate is the game's incredible speed, which blazes past games like Trickstyle for the Dreamcast. The compliment of special moves is also spectacular, with a level of variation that makes almost any gravity-defying trick possible. A good skater would readily admit that the music attached to skate culture is a big part of the experience. Activision never slouched by giving lame, generic studio music to Tony Hawk fans - expect the thrash stylings of the Dead Kennedys, Primus, Goldfinger, and Suicidal Tendencies to round the soundtrack out. Don't like skate music? Turn it off and skate to Frank Sinatra to see what a difference a song makes. Although the game is styled so novices can easily figure out the controls, finger pimps will rule the roost in Tony Hawk. Some of the better combinations (and the higher scores) are achieved by the most intense finger aerobics since Track and Field. Mashing won't help either - you have to know the combos to score. All in all, Tony Hawk is an impressive tour-de-force in the skating arena. Competition like MTV Sports: Snowboarding, Trickstyle, and Thrasher: Skate and Destroy already have the bar set pretty high with this game. Who will bring the Hawk down? It's going to take a fairly high-flying predator to do the job.
punk skatin in your living room! tons of great trick including the 900! unexplaynably great worlds! hell i give it a gabagilion starz!
This is a review for the Playstation version of Quake II.Quake was a very popular and influential first-person shooter series on the PC, and I'm happy to report that everything you love about the series there has remained almost exactly the same on the Playstation console.I can't help but compare Quake II to Medal of Honor because MoH was the very first first-person shooter I ever owned.  The controls in Quake II are almost exactly the same, except in Quake II, the L1 and R1 buttons on the Playstation controller are used to move your target up and down.  The target is the little white thing that permanently stays in the middle of the screen.  It's used to line up the perfect kill shot.  Learning to use this target properly will probably take about a half hour because, to be totally honest with you, it's not exactly the easiest way to find and eliminate enemies.  If you think this control system is a bit strange, I won't disagree.  You'll learn to adjust to it, though.  Give the game time to sink in.First let me mention that, despite what people might say, you CAN in fact use a regular old Playstation controller for this game.  That's what I'm using right now, in fact.  I don't care about all these Dual Shock and Analog controllers that are supposed to make the gaming experience superior because the reality is that a regular controller works just fine.  Sorry, but using a directional pad to play first-person shooters is MUCH easier for me.  I need to hit the "Up" button to walk, and the X button to shoot.  That's exactly what Quake II allows me to do.After a good 30 minutes with the game, I think the controls are almost perfect.  I have no problem at all controlling the game.  Furthermore, the framerate is lightning fast and incredibly smooth.  How many games with a SMOOTH and near-perfect framerate can you find on your Playstation?  Okay, there's Medal of Honor and tons of third-person shooters (like the Resident Evil series) in addition to lots of 2D adventure games (such as Mega Man X4 and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night).The honest truth is that many games have choppy framerate issues that make it extremely tough to enjoy a game.  Many games are designed where you can actually get STUCK to the side of a wall when going around a corner (Duke Nukem anyone?).  Not to mention many games have an unresponsive button system (you press a button and nothing happens or your command is delayed a couple seconds- ANNOYING!). Quake II does NOT have any of these problems.  It somehow manages to avoid all the problems that many games have a nasty habit of having and instead gives us a sweet-looking and easily playable game.The enemies you encounter in Quake II are pretty smart.  If they see you, they will keep shooting until you die.  However, I found a trick you can do to fool the enemies.  Walk up next to one, allow them time to see you, then quickly hide behind a crate or go back out into the previous room, or run into another room, turn around, and WAIT for them to run to you.  They will most likely come to you, and this is the very best time to take them out.  This is a trick I learned in Medal of Honor and I'm happy to find it also works in many situations here in Quake II.So let's see.  The framerate is identical to Medal of Honor, in addition to the controls.  How about the graphics?  Quake II has pretty good, colorful graphics (which is surprising because most Playstation games are dark, not to mention the PC version mostly features dark and ugly hallways and rooms).  The animations from enemies dying isn't exactly the best you've ever seen, but please keep in mind that Quake II is supposed to be a nonstop shooting blood-bath of a game, and of course, compared to the PC version of the same game of COURSE everything on the PC version will look and play a little better.  You're supposed to be amazed that the Playstation can even HANDLE such an excellent game so well with only minor problems.  Extremely minor problems, at that.The thing that REALLY amazes me about the Playstation version of Quake II is that, when you go around corners or run down a hallway, the graphics on the ceiling, floor or side of a wall NEVER turn choppy or glitchy.  NEVER.  I'm serious.  We're talking about an old Playstation game here where the framerate and graphics consistently hold up and remain silky smooth, like homemade caramel.  Everything remains firmly intact.  This is truly amazing.  Excellent job and a HUGE thank you to all the people who created this game.  They understood that controlling a game and not having the graphics fall apart while running around shooting is the most important aspect of a game.  Not just first-person shooters either- ANY kind of game.Okay, sometimes the game might slow down when too many enemies are on the screen at once.  Big deal.  Slow down has always been an overrated problem among most people who complain about it, in my opinion.  Just because a game occasionally slows down a *little* bit shouldn't be a reason to put a game down, EVER.Another thing people criticize about games... loading times.  The loading times in Quake II are extremely short.  Well, not always.  Let me explain.  You have to go through a bunch of mini levels in order to complete a mission entirely.  Sometimes while walking from door to door inside one of the mini levels, the game will take, and I promise I'm not exaggerating, TWO SECONDS to load the next room.  Yes, that's right.  Two whole seconds.  It's not a big deal at all.However, when each of the mini levels are complete, a save option will appear on screen.  The loading time here will jump up to about 5 seconds total.  Again, not a big deal.  Not a long wait at all.  I can't believe I have to mention these extremely short loading times, but people seem obsessed over making a big deal over them, and the truth about it needs to be said.  These are reasonable and understandable loading times when you consider just how GOOD everything about the Playstation version of Quake II is.The music in the game is a bunch of Van Halen-like heavy metal songs, with maybe a touch of crunchy Megadeth riffs thrown in for good measure.  If this kind of music bothers you, prepare yourself, because the entire game is dominated with this kind of music.  It's a little heavier than you might think.  Get ready.  However, some of the music is starting to grow on me.As far as difficulty goes, it's pretty hard.  Mission One is easy enough with health packs sitting everywhere, but as soon as Mission Two begins, the difficulty really jumps up.  Even on Easy Mode.  Of course, the higher difficulty options will greatly increase the challenge, but I think I'm nice and comfortable sticking around on the easiest setting the game has available.  A trick to making the game easier is to frequently aim for the heads of enemies.  Not their feet or stomach- their heads.In conclusion- if you own a Playstation One console and want a good first-person shooter, you can't go wrong with this fantastic version.  In some areas, such as graphical colors and the appropriate buttons used on the Playstation controller, it might even put the PC version to shame.
I've been playing iD games since the original Wolfenstein. I can't begin to total the hours spent playing Doom/Doom2/Final Doom and all the WADs people made at home that got swapped around on message boards and the old AOL, Hexen....ehhh not so much, it was fun but then came Quake and holy crap was quake good. Quake was to Doom what Doom was to Wolfenstein. Enter Quake 2. I had this when it first came out on the PS1 and I played it till my fingers bled and my eyes dried up. Very Doom-ish level design and the ever present double barrel shotgun was a must. This time there is the machine gun that was my favorite. While it might be hard to get used to the pre-analog controls [move with the d-pad and look up and down with the shoulder buttons] after playing dual stick FPS's for almsot a decade, it still has the flavor that makes you want to pick it back up. I am happy to have this in my collection again.
Vigilante 8 is good, but 2nd Offense is all that and much more than a bag of potato chips.  Some of the new additions include the ability to score new chassis for your cars and wheel attachments that turn your car into a motorboat, a UFO, or a snowmobile.  All the characters from the original are back (except 3), although they drive different cars and in most cases have different special weapons.  Even Y the alien makes an appearance, this time disguised as a mysterious garbage man scavenging for parts to repair his damaged Luxo Saucer.  Some of the new characters include a monkey disguised as an astronaut, a religious fanatic, a ninja, and a robotic cowboy.  Every level is interactive to the core and you can rocket into space, cause nuclear explosions, compete in downhill sports and unleash a giant radioactive ant that goes on a rampage through Arizona.What really sets the V8 series apart from other car combat games is the creative special weapons for each car.  Unlike most CC games, the specials in this game are more than just different types of missiles.  From spark-spewing disco balls to eagles that cause tornadoes to alien invasions, the specials in this game are all entertaining and fun to use.  My personal favorite is the half track's "hades gate" weapon, which causes your car to literally go to hell and back, causing lots of damage during the return trip.Overall, V8 is a blast to play and the best in its genre.  Forget Twisted Metal Black - this is the true king of car combat.
love this gamelove games like itglad someone had it cause now i own itagain thank you good sir/madam.
VIGILANTE 8 2ND OFFENSE has a great quest mode that begins a few years after VIGILANTE 8.  Two of the main &quot;characters&quot; from that film are involved in a freak &quot;accident&quot; caused by a bit of time travel. The Coyotes who were wiped out at the end of VIGILANTE 8 have returned to wreck havoc on the U.S. economy. The Vigilantes are resurrected and it's up to them to save the day.The quest mode includes three sets of characters: the Vigilantes, the Coyotes, and the Drifters.  In order to see all the scenes of the movie and fill in the story line, you have to beat each character and complete all objectives.  The objectives are more difficult than in the original Vigilante 8 game and on the Drifters levels, they are plain absurd.  The objective levels with the Drifters are the most difficult to meet and a hint would be to get the crazy stuff out of the way before going on to the more attainable goals.Anyway, the graphics and controls are all improved from the original game. There are more vehicles, more weapons, and more options. Also, the soundtrack is a little more variable as well. The quest mode is the best thing about this game because you keep playing to unlock all the little movies to find out what happens. However, the two-player modes are a lot of fun to play, too.  I really enjoyed playing VIGILANTE 8: 2ND OFFENSE and found it to be even much more fun than VIGILANTE 8.
I've rarely seen a game where opinions are so sharply divided, but perhaps I can make it a bit clearer. First, many of the negative comments have to do with technical problems (from installation to crashes). Don't let that put you off: there's a patch that seems to  solve all the serious problems. I had no issues at all with the latest  version.As for the game itself, all I can say is that I haven't been  this engrossed in a game for years. You start off thinking it's a  first-person shooter, a la Half Life, but soon (after dying a lot) you  realize that you'll need to try something else. That's when the clever  stealth side really emerges. It's not MGS-like sneaking around (yawn), but  hiding in broad daylight *in other people*.Once you get the hang of it  (it's hard but fair), it's incredibly cool. It opens a whole new dimension  of game play and lateral thinking. It also means that you can solve problem  in any number of ways (possess a cop to shoot your way out, a prostitute to  charm your way out, a rat to sneak your way out, etc.)And of course the  game looks fabulous, as technically impressive as Half Life but with  Shiny's trademark lush sci-fi detailing (think MDK) and vivid hues and  transparencies. If you find first-person-shooters a bit samey but want more  action than Tomb Raider-like exploramas, this is the game for you.  Beautiful, provacative, fast-moving and seductive. Highly recommended.
An a fairly experienced gamer, I found &quot;Messiah&quot; to be a breath  of fresh air in the glut of sub-par games out there deigned to take our  valuable money. By now, you know the scheme and the tasks. Let me just say  I found the game both rewarding and challenging, and appealed to all of my  creative instincts that a game should appeal to. And yes, it is  funny...My computer did struggle with the game, and I did experience a  few crashes. But nowadays, what DOESNT crash our computer except Microsoft  Hearts and Minesweeper? I did find the patch very helpful in these  situations.If you are a gamer, I strongly recommend Messiah as your  next purchase. You won't regret your choice.
Did you like Fallout? You'll like this. If you didn't, you probably won't  like this one either. Same basics, graphics, different story, different  part of California. Some minor changes - you can get a car to cover those  large distances, the car's trunk holds lots of stuff and there are new  monsters, but not enough of them. Still, you can get married and you can be  a fluffer in a porn studio.
I love Fallout, exspecially Fallout 2.  I bought Fallout 2 because I play Fallout and loved it.  If you've played Fallout before Fallout 2 you'll find that Fallout 2 is a lot more discouraging.  It's a lot harder to  develop a new character.  You'll never reach a point where you're immortal  (eg. you can kill anything with ease).  But anyway Fallout 2 is still  great.  I let my friend play Fallout 2 and he had a sleepover at my house  just so he could play Fallout 2.  Everyone I know loves Fallout 2.
...Those with loaded guns and those who dig."This game is pure freakin' genious!  They improved on the perfect Fallout and made it into something Jesus Christ himself would love to own.The story involves your character on his search for the Garden of Eden Creation Kit for Arroyo, your tribal villiage founded by the original vault dweller (ie: the character you played in fallout).  He is your ancestor.  Along the way you get to interact with many intersting characters: humans, mutants, ghouls...mutated scorpions, weird cult people, and those much hated (by me) Deathclaws.  GRRR!  This games is about 5 times longer than the unfortunalty short Fallout and you get a car!  This speeds up movement on the game map.One the map...this game takes place north of the NCR area (Shady sands in fallout).  If you yearn for a wonderful game where you can shoot humans, ghouls, sleep with a crim bosses daughter, or just shoot up some jet with 'lil jesus in New Reno (or perhaps tour the wonderful Golgotha cemetery, where people are either impaled on sticks or strung out for the birds), then pick up this game!  Although you may want to play Fallout first...to get the full effect.  I am awaiting Fallout III!!!!!!!!!!!!
What can I say that hasn't been said already?  Other that some minor bugs  that you can patch in a matter of minutes, the game is awe inspiring.  Improvment upon the first game includes many more hours of gameplay plus a  way to judge just how evil (if this is your perfered path) your character  really is.  Streamlined menus for NPC interaction in combat a major plus  and the addition of new perks is very nice.You want a game that has  great replay value and that you'll enjoy from begining to end?  This is it,  the last stop.
Years after Fallout and Fallout 2 came into being I had replayed the first one over 10 times.  The second, several times, though not so many only because it is much longer and more in-depth.  This series was so great because of the simple fact that it is doubtlessly the least linear game I've ever met.  There were so many quests to complete, and each outcome small or large created repercussions throughout the game.  It was hilarious but at the same time one of the most violent things at the time (though hardly even close by todays violent standards).  The violence was fun, interactions with various characters you meet were fun, the satire of just about everything from scientology (even Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman) to karate flicks to sci-fi greats, with even nods to more recent pop culture like South Park.  The breadth of the game still astounds me.The semi-sequel to this, Fallout: Tactics, was very disappointing in its linearity.  They need to make more games like the first two Fallouts that can engage you not by shoving you around toward a set goal, but simply letting you play.  And doing it so well you want to come back time and time again without repeating the same story more than once.
There is nothing for me to say that already hasn't been said by the other reviewers. Just know that if you like rpg's at all then you'll most likely love Fallout.
What makes this RPG so much better than it's competition?  Story.  A completely immersive, and interesting world with a plot that drives you on.  The 'Chosen One' (your PC) evolves more than any character of any RPG I  have ever played, by the end, you will look back at how your character  started, and how far he's come and you will be amazed.  Full of little  cookies and distractions as well.  You will not miss the fact that it has  no multiplayer, nor will you be disappointed with it's simple interface.  What other game lets you become a kung-fu master, a Mafia made-guy and a  drug addict all while toasting your enemies with your trusty flame thrower?
After solving "Fallout" shortly after reviewing it some months ago, I immediately loaded "Fallout 2" and set off on the second part of the adventure.  Since then, I've been far too busy to review anything, until I  solved it last night.  &quot;Fallout&quot; is just the trainer for the big  one!"Fallout 2" uses the same engine as the original, and was easy to  slip into, since the commands were all familiar, but because the initial  release is notoriously buggy, make sure you install the patch before you  start.  Set 80 years after the events in "Fallout", your character is a  descendent of the Vault Dweller who, with some refugees, had established a  village far to the north when expelled after saving Vault 13.  Over the  years, village life had become increasingly tribal and memories of Vault 13  had slipped into the murky realms of mystical memory.  Drought had set in,  crops failed, children and cattle were starving when a chance viewing of an  old holotape revealed the existence Vault 13's Garden of Eden Creation Kit  (G.E.C.K.) - just what was needed for a bountiful existence.  After  surviving a difficult test, your character, the Chosen One, is sent off,  with few skills and little equipment, to locate the Holy Vault 13 and  return with the G.E.C.K.  Of course, it is not quite as easy as that, as  you gradually find out the Master in "Fallout" was a pussycat compared to  your ultimate opponents.This is definitely a game for mature people who  can laugh at themselves - sex (straight and gay) and drugs play a major  part in the story line.  There are twists and turns that will have you  falling about laughing, and some repellent attitudes that will sicken you.  You have to lie, cheat, steal and fight your way through pretty nasty  scenes, and delicately negotiate your way through others.  Good deeds are  rewarded (if you help out Frank in the Den, go back and visit him later  when he's made good - his generosity is a huge help), and bad decisions are  paid for (leave that Pariah dog to his own fate).  There are quite a few  chance encounters, some screamingly funny (especially for fans of Monty  Python, Star Trek, etc.) and, for a basically moral character, some pretty  distressing, where you are completely powerless. And though it's pretty  gory, nothing's funnier than the way some of these critters fly apart after  a good critical hit."Fallout 2" is a much larger game than the original,  and to make traversing the vast distances easier, after several quests you  actually get - wait for it - a car!  Many differently skilled NPCs are  eager to join you; how many you can have in your party depends on your  charisma.  Where you had little control over NPCs in your party in  "Fallout", in "Fallout 2" you can get them to wear improved armour, select  better weapons, and they sometimes actually increase their skills when your  character levels.  I developed a tight little bunch, consisting of the  loyal Sulik (give him a SuperSledge and watch him go!) and Vic (whose  Repair skill is essential until yours is developed, if you can tolerate his  sucking up and constant whining about Sulik), Cassidy (much better with  weapons than your character when you find him) and after I solved all his  town's problems, Marcus the Mutant, entertainingly voiced by Michael Dorn  (Worf from Star Trek).  Hint: if you do have Marcus join, take his minigun  away before he shreds your entire party and give him a more focussed  weapon, but he is very picky.The great thing about this game is that it  is non-linear, and you can switch between good or evil as the whim takes  you.  However, it became evident after quite some playing time that I had  not developed my initial character's attributes or skills in the direction  I wanted to take, so with the knowledge gained, I started again with a  character who relied less on strength and endurance, but was more  intelligent and perceptive (but not too weak, as some of the best perks  have minimum requirements).  This tradeoff made the initial stages very  difficult, but really paid off later.  Choosing three Tag skills was hard -  scientific skills, both medical and technological, were more important than  some combat skills, and quickly developed thievery skills were essential,  as everything was so expensive, but these were useless without good  weapons, negotiation and survival skills.  A thorough reading of the  excellent, spiral-bound (yippee!) manual before developing your character  really saves a lot of time.  And watch the wonderful introductory scenes  for a lot of clues.My advice to adults who love RPGs is to forget the  quasi-medieval, sword and sorcery worlds and get into the post-apocalyptic  life of sex, drugs and great big guns as soon as you can!
First off, some background.  I am not a nice guy.  I do not say nice things about games just to avoid hurting people's feelings.  If you don't believe me check out reviews of some of the games I've trashed, like Might  and Magic 8.  So when I tell you that this game is by FAR the best RPG I've  ever seen, believe me. Some of the things I liked about it:A GENUINELY  NON-LINEAR STORY LINE:  Starting with character developement, you can take  radically different paths through the game.  Most of the situations in the  game can be resolves in several different ways, all of which lead to  different outcomes with different effects on the world and the NPC's.  You  can also choose which side to support in several different political  fights.THE BEST NPC SYSTEM EVER:  The NPC's in the game are extremely  well written, and seem to have lives and goals of their own.  Their  dialogue is well written, and gives each one a unique voice.  And some of  the political maneuvering that they are involved in is really quite  complicated!  They seemed more like the characters in a novel than the  cardboard cut outs I usually see in RPG's. The game's conversation system  is one of the nicest features.  Basically, your character's intelligence  determines how many things he can think of to say in any given situation.  This means that a smooth talking smart character will have a different set  of options than a dim witted combat machine.  It's a nice system that works  very well.THE GAME WORLD IS TOTALLY AWESOME.  It's gloomy,  post-apocolyptic, but totally cool.  The game designers really put some  time in on coming up with interesting settings.  I rarely use the phrase  &quot;sense of wonder&quot; in conjunction with a computer game, but time  and again I came across situations and settings that really blew me away.  Also, the game world reflects a more adult understanding of human nature  than any other game out there.  The amount of thought they put into the  political situations, social structures, and personal rivalries is really  quite impressive.INTERESTING FIGHTS: Unlike most RPG's which have  thousands of fights against a huge number of unintelligent opponents,  Fallout 2 tends to have fewer, more interesting fights.  (Or at least it  can.  A real blood and guts player who charges into every situation with  guns blazing could still generate a lot of carnage.) A particularly nice  feature is the &quot;Outdoorsman&quot; skill, which lets you spot random  encounters in the badlands and avoid them if you want.  This means that  players who want to get in a rumble can do so, while those who just want to  get on with the story can save the time.REAL CHOICE IN CHARACTER  GENERATION:  Simply put, you can't have a character that can do it all,  even with huge amounts of experience.  Hence, you've gotta make some hard  choices, and play those out.  The game is very different depending on  whether you choose to play a smooth talker, a stealthy type, or a combat  machine.A CLEAN, QUICK COMBAT ENGINE:  The combat system is flexible  enough to generate some very interesting tactical situations, but clean  enough to run pretty quickly.  Given the lethality of the weapons involved,  most fights end in less than five rounds, so every move is critical. It's a  nice break from some of the thirty round slug fests that go on in games  like Might and Magic 7.
A vast improvement over the original, which was also fun, but not like this. Here there is more of everything we like: a bigger map, more cities, more enemies, and more violent violence. Lengthier quests, and more NPCs that can join the fight. An even funnier storyline, with more dirty, devious, morally bankrupt adversaries to overcome. It's really fun to pretend to be a slavedriver and then murder all your coworkers with a submachine gun. It really is. And then watch all the poor slaves run away turn by turn.And we can gamble and drink and ignore the beggar and still embark on the hero's quest. Wonderful. There is too much technology in this one for it to capture the feel of the original, but still, it's great fun.No time limit, so we can take our time enjoying the landscape and out-brutalizing our brutal adversaries.New weapons, better weapons, with improved fatality scenes.More choices to make. Hero, or villain? You can't finish the game as a villain, but you can still have plenty of fun.Still a few drawbacks, however: 1. the travel system hasn't been fixed. You still have to wander around in the desert hoping to be attacked by something stronger than mole rats, yet weaker than aliens. 2. Limited party size. It gets tiring always being outnumbered, especially when you've got so many so-called friends out there. 3. The world is large, but the character you play is tiny on the screen -- what's going on here? 4. The last missions are too hard, with too little reward at the end of them.
I remember the first FALLOUT game sat on my shelf for a long time b/c a friend, who had lent it to me, told me it was a post nuclear holocast world.  Personally, it sounded too grim so I didn't check it out for months.Well, when I finally loaded it in, I was in for a big surprise.  Shortly thereafter, I rushed out to get FALLOUT2.THE GOOD PARTS ABOUT THIS GAME(1) Unlike most RPGs you get to roleplay with a variety of educated replies.  If you pick the right ones, you get more information.  And, if you screw up, too bad.  You don't get to ask the other questions for the most part.  I always hate in the RPGs where you tick off a person and then ask them another question and they act like you're their friend.Even better, if you have a high intelligence or good speech skills, you're rewarded with more dialogue options.(2) great graphics; great noises; all the weapons and noises of dying people, if that's your thing, are fairly believable.  You can even click BLOODY MESS as a perk to see some really gruesome visuals.(3) you can have more allies; you can outfit them with better armor and weapons; all have different personalities which means they may or may not be good in combat; may leave you if you tick them off;(4) opponents are tougher; you get away with less mistakes; positioning is much more important;(5) the storyline is multilayered; the game lasts about three times as long as the original fallout; much more to do;(6) as it is longer, you effect more of the world at the end of the story;(7) new and better weapons to penetrate power armor; a problem in the first FALLOUT;(8) less linear; there is a time limit of sorts but only for about 10% of the game; thereafter, you can meander all you like w/o running out of time;(9) more perks and such to make yourself toughter; look for THE SLAYER!;(10) less bugs; be sure to go their website and get the PATCH update if not included;(11) get to use a car in this game to drive around and  move quickly;(12) usual opponents from FALLOUT are turned on their head; the enemy isn't always the enemy;(13) chance to meet more women in the game if that's your thing;(14) much tougher wandering encounters; happens more often, too;(15) bandits are much tougher; watch it!(16) the game rewards you if you choose to go down the dark path or the path of lightTHINGS NOT SO GOOD(1) You need a lot of time to play this game; like 50 hrs I would say or more;(2) If you're big on logic or environmental issues, there are too many monsters and no creatures to prey on except a small number of humans.  I walk around fighting things left and right and then find some safe peddler out in the middle of nowhere.  Geesh.If you can overlook that though, not a big deal.Overall, a great game with lots of RPGing.  Five stars and more. You will love.
I think its been 10 years since this game was released, so I thought I should write a review, since none of the front page reviews do it justice.To argue which of the fallout series was best is irrelevant. Its been 10 years now and both are one and the same concept. Play both, enjoy both and marvel in a world that is astonishingly engrossing. A post-nuclear environment, dark, violent, and obscene. It oozes atmosphere. The desolate landscapes, paranoid androids, and the filth and scum in between. There is remarkable insight into the societies at large. Communities that build walls to protect visa approved 'Citizens', ravaged towns filled with junkies, bums, thugs, whores and gangsters, secret brotherhoods and tribal villages, a decaying military faction, slaves, mercenaries.... the list goes on. Riddled within the world, are traces of old and new technology. The Mad Max influences are all there. Salvaged ammunition, restored handguns, modified  equipment, armor, explosives, foods, drugs, alcohol,.... whatever you can find, steal, trade, buy, or kill to survive.And that is just what lays before you as a distraction. You can just about do anything. The main objective is a deep and character driven story which requires a plethora of other side-quests. So you can quickly see how interactive and time consuming this game will become.The character himself is riddled with quirks, skills, gifts, and character points. Its a subdivision of the game itself, to deliver and develop a character of  sufficient capabilites that best suit your gameplay. A master thief, quick shooter, charismatic merchant, an incredible hulk, kung fu fighter,  intelligent geek, a porn star (believe it), a tactical sniper, a outdoor scout, a cocaine addicted "tony montana"... again the list goes on. How you play the game, shapes who you are, and the quirks that are made available to you.  You even have a reputation to keep, whether it is legendary, feared or downright "wanted".The gameplay is unique to this series. It is vaguely similar to the Final Fantasy series, freestyle when you are walking around, but during fights, it changes to a turn based setup. All of a sudden an interface pops up and your character's traits and skills  give rise to a subdivision of options. There are many things to consider, like action points, luck, trademark blows, health, and zoning in (body\head\limb shots)... the list goes on and on. Within this there are quirks that can help even more (e.g. there is a quick draw quirk you may obtain that can allow you to draw first blood in most fights)... you can even close shop and try to run! Also take into account the many many many different weapons available to you from knives, guns, explosives. Boost your stats with some drugs but risk getting addicted (you will have to continue to find and use). There is so much here and the interface makes it so easy to access and utilise all of it.The graphics are obviously outdated but suprisingly I prefer it to the 3D rendering of todays RPG's. It is based on photo-realism 2d art (think Mortal Kombat 1) that used to be utilised back in the mid 90's. There is an advantage to this... it feels so much more realistic. Just take a look at some of the death animations... gruesome...Even with all the shortcomings of this obsolete 2d technology, I think it brings more life to this post apocalyptic world.In the thick of it all is the opportunity to meet an array of characters. Some you may allow to join you. Again you will need to manage and provide for these characters. Each with their own personality.... which brings me to my final point about this game. Something some of the RPG games even today  dont have... like Grand Theft Auto. Personality. Playing this game is like reading a book. YOu become heavily invested in the characters. There is so much tongue and cheek humour, so much history (by the time you play fallout 2). Im not talking about storyline, but the characters themselves. Current generation games seem not to go past stereotypical meet and greet characters who are more interested to give you your next objective (checkpoint). Its uncanny how right they got this game. Its unjust how wrong they were to abandon Fallout 3. Interplay went bankrupt and I believe the licence has been given to another software agency to pursue  Fallout 3. I have been waiting for the third one for 10 years now, every once in a while checking the computer games catelogues... Ive given up hope of a great sequel, specially in the hands of a totally different production team.Enjoy this if you havent already.
This was one of the best games that I have played in a while. It has an engaging story line with more than one ending. It has challenging yet not difficult game play, the ability to be more than one character and great  graphics. Its world is infinitely engaging. While this game as I said does  have more than one ending it does not have an infinite amount of endings  and that is its only downside.
The original Fallout was the best RPG of 1997, almost by default. Fallout 2 is basically more of the same, which is good. However, it also revived a slew of minor upgrades from enhanced NPC control to extra animations.The  most notable and important change in Fallout 2 is better NPC AI and  controls. In the original Fallout NPCs were almost useless (except  Dogmeat). You control options from chemical usage to weapon selection.  In  the end, the truth is that Fallout 2 is another outstanding RPG and expands  on its predecessor impressively with more places, graphics, sounds and  gameplay. If you like RPGs at all, pick up Fallout 2. You won't regret it.
This game's great!  Some people are complaining that it's just about the same as the original, but how do you improve something that's perfect?  Plus, it's not just the same as Fallout 1, mainly because of its many, many  subplots that you can be involved in.  I think the subplots are even more  fun than the actual story!  You'll find yourself saying, &quot;To heck with  the stinking starving villagers.  I've got to become a Made Man for the  Wright Family!&quot; (or whatever your current situation is).  Regardless  of whether you played the last Fallout or not, it's a great game worth  buying.
Product is in excellent condition and I never played Fallout until Fallout 3 came out so I bought Fallout Tactics, Fallout 1 and this game and they all rock!
More baldurs gate? This expansion adds a higher xp cap, more areas, more weapons, and more baddies. If you were a fan of the original, then you will definitely find more gaming goodness here. This adds around 20 hours of gameplay, as well as making the original game more of a challenge, which is always a plus. If you liked the original, get this now!
i love baldurs gate episodes. sometimes it runs a little slow, but i've gotten used to it. recommend to all.
In one word - Wow! This game is simply one of the best adventures I've across.  I've just finished playing the first two introductory chapters of Baldur's Gate, which is all that is available in my city. I'm in love with this game. This game provides the kind of classic adventuring experience I've always longed for in as many adventure games I've played so far. The wait ended with Baldur's Gate. Very many thanks to its developers.For how much ever I've played of it the game is simply superb. It reminded me a lot of previously played games like Diablo and one of my very first short time adventure game Dink Smallwood by RT Soft.What I find most interesting about this game are the variety of character classes allowed from which to select your character type and adding and removing team members. Sometimes deciding over this itself will take a lot of your time. The plot of the game looks great and its many twists n turns are quite shocking! Besides the main plot you also have many side quests. The graphics are very pretty and one look at the homes and Inn's cannot help but remind me of Dollhouses.I'm sure this game is a hot favorite with all adventure fans. 5 STARS!
The first time I played this, I tried to get to the end too soon and wasn't able to win the final battle. Then I went through each area and combed it carefully. There are many artifacts and items which you need to win the final battle. Rings, Tomes, etc. Not to mention you better get youself maxed in levels before you even think about it.True to form RPG, you start low, have a mysterious occurance and you are on your way. Fun. My favorite characters are Boo and Minsk. There's even guest appearances by favorites from a couple fantasy series as well.
Ok, I admit it. I didn't purchase this when it first came out. I looked at the screenshots, I read the reviews, but I didn't think the game was for me. I was into shooters...I couln't be bothered with these so called R-P-G's. Then the price dropped below 20...and my computer gaming was never the same. This is by far one of the best computer rpg's that i ever played. The character options were so vast...the companions were plentiful, and the weapons were totally awesome. I spent a good 60+ hours with this game, and even then, once I was finished...I started another character and played it again. No other game had that kind of power over me. If you still haven't played this game...get it now. There are even user-made upgrades that improve the graphics if you have the sequel. This is one game that should be in everyone's collection.
Baldurs Gate redefines, and completes the lack of roleplaying games recently. I can't remember last time I played a good role playing game on my PC. I must say that games like Zelda, and other &quot;role playing&quot; games, are quite good. But for the hardcore experience of role playing, as true to real role playing as possible, you have to have a PC to make it work.Finally, the PC gets a game that IS hardcore role playing. Baldurs Gate is everything I want in a game within this genre, plus much more. I only wish that there were more games like this. For any role playing fan, I urge you to try this one out. It has lots of characters to get into depths with, many paths to take, although there is of course just one plot in the game. The music is breathtaking as well, which I think is very important to captivate the player.Not since Daggerfall has there been a game that captivates the player into it's world as much as Baldurs Gate, and still, Baldurs Gate does know it's limitations, unlike for instance Daggerfall.Baldurs Gate 2 is ok, but I recommend the first game most hearty. Because of its incredible music, wonderful story, compelling AD&amp;D style, and with the quality which no game that I can remember has.
This game demonstrates what happens when a design team are not jaded from experience, but full of passion and determination.The makers of Baldur's Gate got one under the radar by following their intuition and making a near perfect game of it's time. And yep, they changed the whole industry while they were at it.The game play is astonishingly compelling, especially after the first 4-5 hours of play while you are orienting yourself with the many possibilities of the interface.The thing about BG is that you can play it within an hour to a satisfactory level. But as you progress, you begin to realise that there is literally no end to the level of complexity with which you may approach the game. On top of all that, the interface of BG somehow manages to be much more simple than others and is a pleasure to interact with.Oddly, many reviews rave about this (and the sequel's) amazing story, but I beg to differ. There's nothing wrong with the story, it's very tastefully and cleverly done, but it's only just barely novel-worthy. The characters are terrific and there is a wonderful eccentricity about the whole adventure.The really astonishing thing about this game is the game-play design, level design and balancing and yes, to a large extent this is because of the AD&D; system that powers the game's concepts.Almost every battle requires thought - not that you are always in real danger, but if you don't stick to your strategies (and you will develop many) you will be in serious trouble. The balancing is extraordinary. You can actually sense that every battle (even the toughest) is winnable, but that you need to position players a certain way, or equip them a certain way, or use the right spell - and you'll get there - it's all completely logical and flawless. What's more, you are confident that there are many different ways to get through each battle, each entertaining in it's own right. In BG, the game lets you play - the system is unerringly consistent and the keys to winning the big battles all make sense when they click in your mind. The interface and balancing never let you down.The infinity engine now has been around for ever (since 1998), but damned if it isn't the most satisfying CRPG interface still in existence. Quick access to everything for 6 characters at a time - it's really something.The graphics are also ancient, but they are just so charming - beautifully hand painted backgrounds and moody lighting on the interiors with bucket loads of atmosphere. It never gets old. Sometimes it's hard to put your finger on why the art direction of one product is superior to another but Baldur's Gate was done with such artistry and class, it still shames a lot of modern competition.Graphics have improved and will continue to, as will path finding, CPU grunt and everything else that should make games better. But Baldur's Gate is still the most authentic and playable RPG experience. It doesn't hold your hand, it doesn't force you down a path - it just let's you genuinely role play at whatever level of complexity you like - and whichever level you choose, it rewards you.Baldur's Gate is genuinely deserving of it's classic status and if the CRPG market rewards us with another game this immaculately entertaining, it will be a day for celebration.
I baught this game for the second time, and i was hooked!... i would play this game for at least 8 hours a day, completely neglecting everything not involved with the game, i'm not kidding. And now, the Pros!!!!1. Excellent story-line, [pulls] you in, puts you in a head lock, and refuses to let you go.2.Excellent interface, easy to learn, unless you play diablo.3.The spell system for this game is awesome,tons of spells, a bunch of schools of magic.4.Vast game!... if you do everything, it totals around 100 hours!...5.Each character has his/her own personality, and reacts to situations differently(such as when Khalid panics and runs away like a little girl!...)And, even though it sounds like it's bad, these aren't horrendous, the Cons!...1.the graphics leave a little to be desired, but if you don't have good gameplay and story, then what good are all the flashy graphics in the world gonna do you?2. the character movements are a bit jerky, liker they're all descendants of the TinMan.3.If you misdistribute the thief skills, you can count on missing a lot of goodies that are in locked crates.Basically, if you want one of the best RPGs ever, based on second edition DandD rules, buy this game. It's a bajillion times better than diablo and it's equally stupid sequal combined. Those games have almost no plot, they are a disappointment to all games, and should be destroyed for even calling themselves RPGs.The plot is awesome to Baldur's Gate, you can do whatever you want, complet a quest, don't complete one, it doesn't matter, but you pay the price. And hey, in what other game can you kill anyone you want, including hookers. And in what other game can you give dead cats to little girls? Huh? If you haven't played it, buy it for the whole 20 dollars they sell it for, and you'll see what i mean. When you beat it, their' an expansion, a sequel, an expansion for the sequel, icewind dale, an expansion for that, and the soon to be released icewind dale 2. All of these games you can import the same guy into.  Buy it!...
You know, I blame everything on Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk. Had they remained on track as physicians, seeing sick patients all week and spending their evenings working late and catching up on paperwork instead of abandoning their glamorous clinical life to found BioWare, then they would have never developed Baldur's Gate. And then I would have been blissfully happy, because not only wasBaldur's Gatethe first RPG I played in its entirety from beginning to end, it was also my gateway drug into the genre.Once they had me hooked into the concept of mindless repetitive character rolling to find the one with the perfect strength characteristics I was looking for (I was much more picky when I was younger than I am now), it was the beginning of the end, at least for me. Soon I progressed to more puissant and addictive games, such asBaldur's Gate Expansion: Tales of the Sword Coast,Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn,Baldur's Gate 2 Expansion: Throne of Bhaal, and thenIcewind Dale.As I lay listlessly recovering from a protracted relationship withIcewind Dale 2, I truly believed that my social life was at its nadir. Little did I know then that they had only just begun to exercise their awesome power over me. Soon I was completely enslaved and spiraling out of control withNeverwinter Nights(oh the hours I wasted looking for those wretched Waterdhavian creatures - the cockatrice, the dryad, the yuan-ti, and let's not forget the intellect devourer; and by the time I realized that the real intellect devourer was the *game itself*, it was too late) andStar Wars Knights of old RepublicandMass EffectandMass Effect 2and (Amazon limits me to 10 links per review, else I could have gone on indefinitely) KOTOR 2 and Jade Empire and Dragon Age I and II.And look at me now, gentle reader, and weep. I am but a mere pale shadow of my former self, a SWTOR habitu&eacute; who, alas, still plays the same character that I did in Baldur's Gate, i.e. the lawful good paladin, for I have in essence rolled the same attributes for every BioWare game since my very first RPG character set foot in Candlekeep all those years ago. My only regret is that I have *never* been Chaotic Evil. Ever. Which is why I know in my heart that I will never be Emperor of the Galactic Empire. I believe that Baldur's Gate messed with my head in some subliminal way, and as a consequence I am doomed to be the once and future lawful good pally.Soon now I must buy Mass Effect 3. I have no choice, for Greg and Ray (like Scylla and Charybdis) are calling my name.Summary: IMO Ray and Greg are probably the primary reason why there is a great disturbance in the Force.
this game is great because of many reasons, the main one being that you totally get pulled into the game and the characters on your team or &quot;party&quot; feel like real because all of them have a unique character, agenda, and background. furthermore, almost everyone you meet has something original to say to you. Of course after a while they will repeat. The game has a wide choice of install size too, from a huge 2 and a-litlle-bit gigabytes which will lower the loading times o a relatively small 317 mb which will make the game's load times long. The game is extremely long and can take from 1 to 5 and more days(depends on your skills, how often you save and whether you only do the main quest or if you do some or all of the subquests) The game is difficult on any difficulty level unless you follow the exact reccomended routes and not wander off to, you know, adventure. But if you save often, get the best armor and weapons for our characters, keep a lot fo potions with you and pause to think out your tactical moves, you should find the game extremely addictive and very fun! if you like Ad&amp;D or if you really like rpg's, you will love this game. If you are new to the genre this will get you in the game and keep you in. If you aren't a fan of rpg's this is a good game to start with. If you want to try computer games, this might be a wee bit hard, unless you have playd AD&amp;D.
OHMYGAWD! This game is sooooo addicting and fun.  I feel like a pimply faced teenager again rolling dice in a freind's home long into the summer nights, playing D&D.  The RPG concept has been captured so very well in this game.  If you are a D&D freak, you will LOVE this game.  Black Isle RULES!
I've been playing RPG's for quite a few years, and have played quite a few of the old AD&amp;D titles but hadn't seen anything that really interested me since Ultima VII (VIII was a bit of a dog - I never finished).  By the  time I got bored about halfway through Eye of the Beholder III, I thought  I'd had it with AD&amp;D.  But then I saw so much written about BG, and  from the reviews, etc. I knew I would love it, so I rushed out and bought a  new PC, and BG (bundled with TSC) was the first thing I loaded.Let me  tell you, this is a serious GAME! Six CD's of it! You have to do some  serious character generation and a lot of  preparation before you get  going.  As stated by other reviewers, your characters die at the drop of a  hat in the early parts - no wonder people resort to cheating when your  characters start off so weak and so poor. I ended up doing a few early  quests and importing my character (which imports with gained experience  intact!), loaded up with as many arrows as I could carry and started again  at Level 3.  That meant Imoen was Level 4 when we met, and we could start  kicking some butt.I still haven't finished (have finished Chapter 6 and  off to Durlag's Tower next) but I'm still challenged.  And for all those  lamenting about the loss of turn-based combat - did they never find the  PAUSE key (spacebar) which allows you to simulate it?  The AI only really  works with very weak opponents or to alert you to enemies while trekking  through the beautifully rendered scenery.  Luckily, I have a big enough  hard disk to load the entire game, because the CD shuffle got really  annoying very quickly.Looking at the (many) BG sites, it seems this game  has obsessed people to the point where they have played it over and over  with characters of different races, classes, alignments, etc.  I will be  glad when I get to the end, and even though I love it, I can't imagine why  I'd want to play it again - after all, when you know how it ends, why  bother.  And there are so many other games to play.  Already can't wait for  BG2.
The graphics of Baldur's gate are tight.  The game world is huge, spanning 5 full CDs.  You can explore everywhere, battle monsters and complete quests and other missions.  The character creation is highly detailed allowing you to choose from a variety of attributes for each race.  If you like rpgs, get this game!  You can play on-line too, but I haven't tried that yet. :).
It's been about 3 years since this monster role-playing game came out and it's still in most people's top ten.This game totally redined the RPG once again like only the people at Interplay can do. Extremely detailed in every way possible. Graphics, sound, atmosphere, wilderness, monsters...there isn't a bad thing to say about this. Best of all, it has an engrossing story line that makes you want to keep playing (without sleep) for hours to get to the next chapter.A wonderful achievement!
After having first played through Knights of the Old Republic and Jade Empire, I thought to check out some of Bioware's older releases and the Baldur's Gate series seemed to be the most widely regarded. My love for RPG's usually extended toward JRPG's (Final Fantasy, Xenogears etc), as I criticized many Western efforts (with good reason mind you) with bland  characters and uninteresting plots. However, upon downloading a playable demo of Baldur's Gate II, my opinion was quickly shattered. Impressed with the great voice acting, wonderfully addictive combat (combat is usually my least favorite part of RPG's), well-developed atmosphere and the promise of over a hundred hours of game play, I Immediately ordered the beast...and boy what a beast of an RPG; Hundreds of quests, characters, and an incredibly epic scope, I went on to discover the other Infinity engine games like Planescape Torment and Icewind Dale.Playing the original Baldur's Gate game after having played through BG: Shadows of Amn and its expansion, my experience with this title was somewhat jarring. The characters aren't quite as well-developed as the sequel, and the overall package is not as well polished...however surprisingly, this did not detract too much from my enjoyment with Baldur's Gate (I havn't yet finished the game however).  It's basically the same game with minor differences in game play, with only one that affected my enjoyment (going into your inventory during combat does not pause the game, so your characters can be killed while equipping items and such, a small but notable annoyance). Also, sometimes NPCs will recommend I destroy the EVIL ONE in such-and-such-town, when in fact I've already done so. A minor issue with the over all polish, but none of these issues should really keep people from playing this wonderful game (and series). If you are new to Baldur's Gate and are trying to get into the series, I recommend you start out with this title, that way when you go through Baldur's Gate II and its expansion, you are pleasantly surprised with those games' superior amount of polish; not to mention certain characters and events will be more meaningful to you.The Bad:- Game will not pause during combat if you go into your inventory.- Some may be turned off by the graphics (but IMO I enjoy these 2D games' visuals more than bland, poorly done 3D engines (like Neverwinter Nights). Besides, the amount of detail is impressive...especially in the sequels.The Good:- Fun and addicting gameplay; deep combat and many dungeons to plunder.- Great character-creation and many colorful companions to aid you on your quest.- Hours upon hours of play add up to a really epic experience.- Wonderful score (even better than BG:II's in some spots).- Excellent usage of the D&D; license, which portrays the Forgotten Realms setting very convincingly.
I played this game when it came out, and it astounded me. The flowers, the butterflies, the music, the story, the gameplay, were all astonishing. Baldur's Gate is still one of the greatest games of all time. It works just fine on computers that aren't brand new, and an internet fan base is constantly updating it. I wouldn't recommend this game for anyone under 12 or so; there's some real darkness here. There's also humor and, of course, magic. Like many RPGs (and unlike, say, Doom or Grand Theft Auto), it will appeal to women and girls. Save the world, make friends, find yourself, collect neat stuff, and kick some [tail] --what's not to love?
This game is very good for RPG'ers, and D&amp;D players. The character classes are from D&amp;D as well. This is basically AD&amp;D made into a computer game that you can play on your computer (no duh). The combat is simple enough for anyone, and looks cool, as well. The meat of the game is adventuring and completing quests. All during this time your being submersed in a complex and interesting story line that evolves every new area you walk into, or with every person you talk to.  The FMV sequences are no where near competition to the Diablo II ones (which, btw, are the best FMV sequences on the game market as of Jan 2001 and counting), but they tell the story in vivid 3D. The on-screen graphics are awesome as well, although in one of the towns, you feel like your falling in your chair because of the way the characters are positioned on the screen relative to the surroundings.  The actual roleplaying is surberb. Not only are you made in deep detail, you can control up to 5 other NPC's in your party for a total of 6 people. With a large variety of spells, weapons, magic items, and monsters, you'll be busy for well over the estimated 100 hours of gameplay.  If your an experienced RPG'er, this game is a must-have because of it's awesome content. If your an AD&amp;D player, be warned that this game is based on 2nd Ed rules, but otherwise, GET THE GAME! If your new to RPG's in general, get this and Diablo, playing Diablo first so you can learn all the terms and character development. It will really teach you how to play RPG's. Than move on to Baldur's Gate (that is, if you haven't already gotten hooked to Diablo :-).
I have to admit I have never played the pen and paper version of D&amp;D, but be that as it may, I still found this game to be a very enjoyable, humorous, exciting and interesting RPG adventure.  I have been playing RPG games for a long time now, and I can say that this game hands down is in the top ten I have ever played.  And if you get the expansion pack that is also available, it will be even better!
This is the best game I've ever played on my computer. The only thing that I can see even comes close to eat is Age Of Empires II.The game begins  innocently in a monastery but the plot gets so involved this game took me  100 hours to beat and it's the 3rd best RPG I've ever played. I thought  Xenogears and Final Fantasy Tactics were a little better and their plots  were more thought provoking but Baldur's still has a great plot. This is a  lot better than that Diablo Blizzard developed. The ability to go into  towns and take them over by force with Drizzt is something no other game  has either. The police are a great addition too. The ability to go back  through the game as a different class gives this game almost unlimited  replayability. All in all, pass up Diablo and Diablo II and get this and  Baldur's Gate II.
Got this for the nostalgia value, and other than playing slow, it's a great game, still as fun as the first time I played it. Shipping was fast, packaging was fine, 5 stars all around from me.
This game is amazing.. although made years ago it still plays well! I got my game with everything. Case art, Perfect condition CD, and case. Nothing was worn down/scratched and the game played without any skips (: I even get to play it on my PlayStation3 and save without a memory card.
Toy Story 2 is one of the finest if not the finest animated movie ever to come out of Hollywood.  So inevidably, there will be a movie tie in game.  After the amazingly bad A Bugs life, Disney interactive has spent a lot of time fine tunning this and making up for past mistakes.  Which is a good thing, because Toy Story 2 is a fantastic Game.  Toy Story 2 for the playstation is a great first action adventure title for newbie commers to the playstatin world.  The graphics are excellent, wih lots of color and clarity (They are somewhat choppy but it dosent matter).  The levels are really big and interesting to go through, with lots of objects, fellow toys and things to interact with.  The challenge level seems just right, with puzzles that range from easy (Mixing paint, wheee!) to the challenging (figuring out how to arrange lights so a helecopter can land).  The music is also excelent, with western, sci fi themes and much more.  The controls are fairly easy to learn and master and the two camera modes do a good job.  On each level, your goal is to find 5 pizza planet tokens.  To do so, you must collect 50 coins, compleate a time race, find the hidden token, find 5 things and fight the boss.  Although it sounds like it can get repitetous real fast, for some reason it never does.  Unfortunitly the game does have its share of problems.  For starters the charachters in the game look incrdiably goofy.  Some of the evil toys you must fight can get really annoying (Such as the evil mexican dude in the western levels).  Also the overall chalange of the game isint very hard.  On my first time through I died only once!  That seems a bit unchallenging.  The much anticipated Zurg elevator battle is dissapointing, with Zurg being easy to defeat.  My biggest gripe is that most of the areas that were seen in the movie are much different in the game.  For instance, the inside of the elevator shaft is only 5 stories tall and has 2 elevators, and Al's house looks nothing like it did in the movie.  Overall, this is a fun game that nobody should miss.The good: Great graphics, Great levels, music and sounds,good level of challengeThe bad: graphics are somewhat choppy, impossible to judge jumpsAnd the ugly: Boss battles can be somewhat dissapointing, Levels are a lot different from the movie.
I remember playing this game when  it first came out, and I have loved it since. I have so many fond memories of playing this game, and I'm proud to own it again. It's an excellent game for gamers of all ages and generations. A must have!!!!
While yes, this game is very dated, and the graphics leave something to be desired in this day and age, it has always held a special place in my heart. My brother had it when he was little, and every time I got a chance I would play it. When I got older (okay, yes, I was eighteen), and had a PS2 in my room, I knew I had to get a copy for nostalgia's sake.The plot of the game is the same as the movie, with some new locations added; there are even clips from the movie interspersed throughout the gameplay. Woody has been stolen by Al, the scheming toy collector, and now Buzz and friends have to get him back for Andy. You take on the role of Buzz and move around the neighborhood trying to find Woody, while completing tasks for different familiar characters from the films.The main objective in each level is to gain Pizza Planet tokens, which allow you to advance to further levels. You do this by completing the aforementioned tasks. In every level there are five tokens to be collected total; you must defeat a boss, collect five of something (sheep, green Army men, etc), complete a speed challenge, find 50 coins for Hamm, and a mystery challenge (ex: in the Construction Yard you must mix the paint colors in the correct combinations.) Additionally, in some levels, Mr. Potato Head has lost a part of his body, and if you can find it and return it to him he will let you use a special gadget, such as a grappling hook and hover boots.The levels, despite the old school grahpics, are still filled with all kinds of neat details, and as mentioned above you get to play through some interesting areas, such as Al's penthouse apartment and the neighborhood around Andy's house.I will admit that some parts would be harder for younger players. Now, I beat it around age twelve with no problems, including collecting most of the Pizza Planet tokens. And unless you are a very patient child, I forsee a lot of kids handing the controller over to their parents during the last level, where you must face off against three tough bosses at once. Admittedly, my brother and I were both always exceptionally good at video games for our age. But so long as you're willing to help your children through some of the tougher parts, I don't see any reason why your child shouldn't play this game.Kids these days, in my opinion, are too spoiled by HD graphics. I love them as much as the next tech nerd, but if your child is going to play video games, I say make 'em work their way up the ladder.
This game is awesome. I used to have it as a kid and getting it again takes me back to the good old days. Best disney game ever made alongside Hercules. Love this and totally recommend it to anyone. It's for all ages!
This game is AWESOME! It has a variety of tricks and secrets that you can do and find. This game may not have much levels, but the levels are made really well! I haven't played THPS 2 so I think this one is the best so far. It has some cool codes you can get too! Like you can go really fast all the time and you can get 10X the trick points! Also, you can get all of the tapes and that means you can get access to all of the levels. The graphics may be messed up in some parts of the game but the rest is really cool! I recommend you buy this game first before you buy any other game! That's how good it is. But it kinda gets borin after 3 hours or something. Just take a break and play again! It gets addicting! There is many other options too. Like you can play two players. That has some options too! You can play trick attack or gratifi and somethin else. They have a career mode where you can unlock all the levels and the if you go into the free skate mode, you can play the levels that you unlocked! Also this game has a really handy feature. You can save your game with a controller pack. There are a variety or different players you can pick. Personally, I use either Bucky Laseck or Tony Hawk. I'd say that Bucky is the best. The game designers also did a good job developing the skating obsticles. My favorite level is the first level, the Warehouse. It's small but because of that, you can do many more combos! One time I got 10,000 points for doing a wicked cool triple combo [with the code on]. The mall is okay but it doesn't have many obsticles. The Downhill Jam is AWESOME! You have to get to that level.Overall, a really good buy and worth your time.
This is one of my favorite video games ever. Everytime I play it I feel like I'm the one skating instead of Tony Hawk/Bob Burnquist, etc. I recommend this game to anyone who likes skateboarding, or sports.
This wus the best game i had when  i had an n64!
I got this game as a gift and I thought&quot; I wonder about this game.&quot; I played the demo on Playstation and it was cool. I am better than my little bro. with Rune Glifberg, Andrew Reynolds, and Chad Muska. You get everything you need in one game! The only drawback is that you need a controller pak or Expansion Pak to save your best games. Get this game with a new N64 or if you have a controller Pak or Expansion Pak.
This, my friends, is quite simply the BEST sports game on the market. I hate them as a whole. I find them a boorish waste of time, but...This game is the BOMB! I honestly don't remember a better gaming experience. Also, the multiplayer is GREAT!If you have an N64, and love good games, this is for you.I just bought a Gamecube, and am planning on purchasing the Tony Hawk Games for it.Have fun!
how can you not like the original tony hawk game? besides being the hallmark of skateboarding games this game had one of the best video game soundtracks of all time and to this day it doesnt get old. Fast shipping arrived in great condition just as described. Great classic game to add to my collection. Highly recommended. Thanks! A+.
Although in game terms this is more or less a carbon copy of the playstation version, the nintendo one is less blocky and the graphics shine through.  The game is set over various trcaks where you have 5 tapes to do.  Completing a task earns you a tape.  Tasks range from finding hidden tapes, earning high scorers and finding five letters to spell out skate.  The two player mode on this game is excellant the longativity is imense, this is one game you wont be able to put down.
This isnt the classic frogger, this is the 3D version, it's the one where in the starting menu there are blocks, each block is a different level, and each block has 5 levels (at least most of them) each increasing in difficulty, once you press on a block, you have to find 5 frogs blue red purple orange and green with the occasional golden frog. This game is awesome and i bought it for the playstation since i used to play this when i was a kid and idk what happened to the game. I play it on my ps2 and i love it. this is honestly my most favorite frogger. its frustrating at times but it is too addicting to let go, i just keep telling myself, "ill get it this time", best frogger hands down.
To hard for me to surpass but the disc works well, and the case is in good condition. Maybe one day i can beat it!
Frogger is a great stratagy game heres why1 it has an classic arcade feel WITH a new fresh twist and new enviroments2 simply awesome graphics for its time great fun challenging gameplay This game is hard i mean Mega hard its very challanging I mean first you have to get comfortable with the controlls then you have to get used to EACH and every level pass through it at least 5 times each to get used to obstacles 5 more times to make a stratagy AND 3 more times to work your stratagy out adjust it and make sure you know whats going to happen at all moments and even then ONE screw up can get you squished by a car drowning in water eaten by a lizard vulture  crocodile bat ect.....3 this game never gets old plus multiplayer the game keeps you coming back for more and more and when your done you'll want to repeat it over and over again!heres a tip for some of you who might not know this to complete this game 100% you need every last colored frog which is  beating the level AND unlock more areas using gold frogs their hidden in an area in one level each area one you do that you unlock more areas theres one gold from for each area so look hard their in one of the levels.4 the enviroments are amazing the graphics make it look your in that specific place and you get sucked into it especially with the music that pairs with it gives it such an great feeling5 the characters are pretty cute especially the small frogs plus in this game you get built in abilities and external power your built in abilites super hop heat seeking tounge power croak my personal favorite it helps you find a frog if you just cant find it you have to know where the croak is coming from but its a life saver now then external power ups to gain access to these you need to use your heat seeking tounge in some levels there are light bug power up increases visability of your screen theres point flies 10000 points equals one life also gain lives by 1ups these look like a rainbow frog in a bubble easy to spot normal hops are 5 points each super hops are 10 theres also auto hop which allows you to hold on to the dpad and he keeps jumping for a slightly faster rate quick hop this really makes you go fast and if you find a way to use both in conjunction then your seriously flying! and lastly theres the super tounge power up this extends your reach in catching power ups and flies and such.6 its just like the old classic only improved 10000% this will drag in old gamers who played in arcades their atari... and newer ones when the game first came out and even people like me who played it when it came out on psone broke their copy and realized how awesome the game was and rebuy and replay it also the price is right acually too cheap for what you can get it for especially used in working condition just be sure to take care of it if you break it buy the skip doctor game repair system it will refuface your disks and them work like new again some very badly scratched disks may need more then one pass for more information read my reveiw on the ps2 or psone lcd screen combo i also reccoment these systems or the review ill soon write about the product.7 if you buy it be warned there will be times you seriously want to rip your hair out from losing and constantly seeing the game over screen but once you finish you'll see that all that horrible pain is worth it good luck and enjoy your experience  :}.
This was the first game I had on my playstation, I loved it. So when I received this game, I played all day. game was in great condition, very cheap too!
game is a classic! brought me back to my child years. it is just as addicting as i remember and i cant put it down.
Having played the original Battlezone, I can understand why players of the first game are so critical. The original was the very first of its kind, it successfully combined first-person shooters with real-time strategy.The first problem I encountered was a poorly written manual - only one-third  discusses how the vehicles and buildings actually work. Once you can figure  out how to play the game, BZ2 is a blast.What makes BZ2 better than  BZ1?- You can enter buildings like the Recycler and Factory, and alter  weapons loadouts. This is useful if you want all your tanks to have  SP-Stabbers, or your turrets to have Lasers, for instance.- It's much  easier to build Gun towers now. Instead of being near a power station, they  must be adjacent to a relay bunker. You can also use the relay bunker's  console to access a top-down view of the battlefield. This means you can  'hop' gradually towards an enemy base, building relay bunkers and gun  towers as you go.- The graphics are better than the original.  Unfortunately they do require a very powerful computer. I have a Pentium II  266MHz, with 128Mb RAM, a 16MB Viper V770 videocard and a Monster Sound  MX300 soundcard - and I have to play the game with all the graphics options  turned off.The disadvantages?- Pandemic has re-written the original  story. In the first game, it was the Russians that created the Furies, not  the US.- EXTREMELY poor AI. It's possible for your units to be  destroyed by friendly fire. Perhaps Pandemic should've cut and pasted the  AI routines from the first game. Advice for new players - NEVER put any of  your vehicles in front of a gun tower!- The bland music soundtrack. The  original game's music was quiet and tense. It added an atmosphere of  excitement to the game. The new game's music ocassionally excites, but most  of the time doesn't.In summary, I wish Pandemic had spent more time  tightening the code. The AI routines are poor, and I feel more effort  should've been put into making sure Battlezone 2 runs on low-end computers  (like mine). Other than that, it's a very good game. But I don't believe it  exceeds or meets the standards of the original game. Perhaps the third time  will be the charm?
It's an old game from 98' but always fun to play because the fight is never always the same. One of those cool rainy day games.Also, you can be the bad guy or team if you feel like being the evil doer. Create your own episode or join a campaign. You cancreate multiple vehicles if you want to bum rush your apponent mob deep, or take them on single handed or just a few vehicles.Very space age and futuristic fun. And the vehicles, which you can leave the one your in for another one that is on your team,are all fun and exciting to drive. Also, there is multiplayer where the game experience changes in a fun way. You and your friendscan play capture the flag or attack each other in a time setting to see who can destroy each other as many times as possible. Inmultiplayer, you can also select to battle on different planets such as pluto, mars, and even saturn to name a few. Also the weaponschange to your choice of chemical warfare to rockets, cannons, and a vast array of others. There's also cheat codes. If youpress control alt and the button on the left of the number one and under the escape button, in that order, you'll get a dropdown screen. Type:gamecheat. bzradar and then press Enter. Do the same for the following:. tnt. body. view. free  Notice the space after you type gamecheat and the dot. If you don't do this, it won't except it.To get out of the drop screen, press control, alt and the button next to the one and below your escape key. I highly recommend the codesto really enjoy the game experience and to stay alive until you get to know the game and what you are doing. Otherwise it can be frustrating.
In the newsgroups and on some game magazine I read reviews that criticize the game. The bottom line of these people is that the game, compared to the predecessor 'Battlezone' is cheesy.  Well, I don't know about Battlezone I  becuase I never played it. This game though, is still very good.  It's  based on a very cool idea: you are a soldier and you can drive anything,  from powerful war machines to buidlings (turrets and factories and such).  You don't actually drive a factory: you just get in and configure it the  way you want. You also can get in a turret (and it's damn fun to blow a bug  up with one of those big plasma turrets! ). If you built it (and you have  to) you can get into the 'Relay station' which is a building that uplinks  to a satellite and gives you a satellite view of the action and lets you  play the game in a traditional (almost) RTS fashion.  The game is sci-fi  and definetly arcade-ish. Do not expect a sim or the ultimate RTS game from  it. It's still a very cool idea to allow you to switch from an RTS view to  a first person view: you send your troops to fight and then you get in your  tank and go with them to fight and suffer the consequences of your  strategical mistakes or enjoy blow enemies up in person!  I reccomend it  to any action or RTS player: it's a game to try out!
Have played this game for years and still have fun with it.  It even works on Windows 7 64 bit. Cheap, clean, and loads of fun.
This game is the first RTS game that I have played along with Starcraft and Lords of the Realm 2. But Lords of the Realm 2 (Starcraft is a whole diffrent stoty) didn't have what Warcraft had. The easy to get used to gameplay with great graphics in terms of running smooth, the very low system requirement, and the satisfaction of the Battle.net. I have not played this game since 2000 (Because my dad broke my CD. Read my Starcraft Battle Chest review.) so I don't know if anyone plays online now but all I know is that I had the most fun playing this game back in 2000. I remember the satisfaction that I had with my friends after beating the opponent with my ogres and the dragons. This game ran fine when I used to have Intel Celeron 400MHZ, 64mb ram, and 56k modem. So if you get this game right now, you shouldn't have any technical problems. Also this game is very easy to get used to with easy gameplay and great graphics for an outdated game. This game is definitly a must have if you are a RTS fan. You should know that Warcraft started it all. It started the great RTS gaming genre.
This game was my favorite in 1995. Today, it is a classic that I still go back and play from time to time. The campaign was endless fun, also very difficult. The multiplayer was awesome for the time, although there is no one online anymore. If you're looking to enjoy a major gem of the mid-90s, then this game is it. Also, if you played World of Warcraft you will notice many characters referenced in that game were main characters in this game. For instance Alleria is a statue in Stormwind in WoW, but in this game she is a main Ranger for the humans. So you not only get the awesome nostalgic feel from the game (great voice work and music), but also you get the connection to WoW.Buy.
Warcraft II is the game that really put Blizzard on the map.  I honestly cannot recall a PC game that I was more obsessed with than Warcraft II.  While it was not the first RTS(real-time strategy) it was one of the first and it was my first RTS.  Computers had advanced enough that made RTS games possible.  Typical Blizzard testing and retesting made this one of the best balanced RTS games and despite over a decade and a half of other RTS games this is still one of the best.  My PC at the time could not handle the game and I literally bought a better one so I could play Warcraft II.  Many a late night of playing one scenario after another or the great campaign.  Still very highly recommended.
I first played warcraft 2 four years ago, and found it to be one of the most engrossing and enjoyable RTS games, alongside Age of Empires.While it seems dated now, it is also extremely playable, and at times even challenging.  The expansion levels are good, although sometimes it blows if your hero character dies, because then you suffer an automatic defeat.  Fortunately, this doesn't happen very often to me, since I keep my heroes well back from the action.Collecting gold and improving your units is still as enjoyable as ever, and there are a number of ways in which you can attack an enemies base: contrary to some views, Warcraft 2 is NOT simply a &quot;rush-attack&quot; game.  SOME of the levels in the original game can be defeated using the rush strategy, but the expansion levels are harder, and you have to try different tactics.  Basically, I found the expansion levels to be very similar to playing the custom scenarios, in that the enemy attacks more, has multiple bases, and can usually only be effectively stopped by building a series of Guard Towers and Cannon Towers to protect your base.I have no hesitation in giving this game five stars.  If you're the type of person who likes both action and strategy, then buy this.
Great game for its time. I loved the basic rts concept. There was an amazing story line. This one included water vessels which were way unbalanced IMO. Great buy for classic warcraft fans.complexity 2/5graphics 3/5bots 2/5gameplay 4/5story 5/5overall 5/5age: 10+.
Although Warcraft 3 and its expansion have come out within the last few years, I still prefer Warcraft 2 a bit more. Yes the game looks kinda dated now, but it is still a blast to play. The game was fun in that it never got too complicated or anything so that newcomers could always have a good time. The map editor was easy to use and the online play in the Battle.net edition will keep you busy for a while. Anyways, if you've only played Warcraft 3 then it might be difficult for you to enjoy this game since it is so old, but if your willing to look past the graphics then you'll find a real gem.
This game proves that if a game is really good graphics dont matter the graphics in this may suck but warcraft has been the best and first  ever war stratigy if you havent played this game which is liek 2 people get it i remember playin this back in like 95 it was so cool but i got this online one its like 3 in one games it has warcraft 2 tides of darkness it has the expansion pack warcraft 2 beyond the dark portal and it has like a multi player theme play single player first and beat it just so you can learn everything (...),  SO BUY THIS AND KEEP WARCRAFT ALIVE.....................
Almost every game that Blizzard ever came out with made game of the year...coincidence? I think not. I love all their games. Warcraft, Starcraft, Diablo!!
If you want to get a hint what is big business all about, if you can't understand why have the great personalities (brought back to life in this game!) persisted at their work, when they could have long retire, sit down,  feed your mouse some cheese and go on. Graphics is excellent, game runs  wonderfully, you have very lot of options, different campaigns, scenarios,  around 50 trains and 30 cargo cars. You must master building, transporting  cargo, finances &amp; stocks and much more. You must be very accurate at  laying tracks because it is made somehow tricky, plus you have to control  the steepness of the track (very influential on train &amp; delivery  speed). You can also buy many additional buildings for your station, which  adds good look and value to your company. I bought the game on second hand,  so I haven't got the manual, because the first owner has ''misplaced'' it  (would you expect from 12 years old kid in Slovenia to read English  manuals? He probably threw it away). But if you are persistant, you'll get  into game quite fast. I think it wil stay your thrill for a long time.
Someone gave me this game as a gift and I must say, it is one of few gifts I actually kept and got enjoyment from.  I have been playing this game for a long time now and can play it at anytime because there is always something new to learn and new ways to get rich and rule the RR business.  This game is detailed, graphically pleasing, and requires some gamer skill.  I am sure you can handle it if you are reading this review.
Strategy games are often games that require you slice your enemy into  bits, blow up his tanks, and mow down his peasants. It's so wonderful to  find a fantastic strategy game that is at its root a monetary war, instead  of a physical one.In Railroad Tycoon II you being with the famous  B&amp;O Railroad, connecting cities in the northeast corridor of the US.  You begin with single track, determining which city needs which goods, and  how to give each city what they want while managing your finances. As you  get more money you can build larger stations, buy bigger engines, beef up  your track system, and more.Cities will offer you money in exchange for  building track out to them, and the more cities you connect, the more types  of goods you have to offer to other stations on the line. As you move on in  the game you can move on to different areas, even building a network of  rails across Europe. You get annual reports with your finances, can  purchase stock in your own company or from competitors. You can buy farms  and factories, invest, take out loans, but if you wish, you can simply ride  the rails and move goods.The graphics are great for a game from '98.  They are done in an organic, old style, with old videos showing events of  the times. You can build telegraph poles to speed station turnaround, hear  about recessions and regrowth of economies, issue bonds, attempt mergers.  The political climate even affects where rights are cheap or expensive to  buy. It's a lesson in history as well as a challenging mental  exercise!Some of the more advanced features are a bit difficult to  figure out, but there are numerous web sites out there that will quickly  guide you through those situations. For most of the game, it's incredibly  easy to learn, and the status screens tell you at a glance what is going  on.You can even customize your own map, and play in another country or  in a mythical situation of your own devising.I recommend this highly as  a great strategy game for all ages that you actually come away with knowing  more than you did when you began.
Borg is one of the coolest ideas and Trek releases that has ever happened. The story is captivating and the action is fantastic. John de Lancie is once again brilliant as Q, the script and dialogue is hilarious! If you can get this game, do it! You will love every single minute of it, it is absolutely fantastic for fellow Q fans!
Well-written and with high production values, and combining some of the best elements of Star Trek with a puzzle-solving game, Star Trek: Borg is a must-have for fans of both genres.  While some of the puzzles are quite  tricky (and, in this game, you actually need to make some mistakes), due in  large measure to John de Lancie's characteristically droll performance  (&quot;My name is Q--its short for Q&quot;), the game also stands up quite  well as a Star Trek installment.I was initially frustrated with this  product, due to a bug in the software that prevents its being installed on  certain PC's, but after downloading the patch (when can we expect software  companies to actually finish the product before putting it on the market?)  and receiving some advice from Simon &amp; Schuster's tech support (which  was surprisingly easy to reach and helpful), my irritation was dispelled as  I sat back and began to enjoy the game.Bugs aside, this game is a  great value.  Trekkers will not be disappointed.
Many racing simulations simply don't have the real thrill in themselves, because their drivers can be turned into complete beginners, which can't even sit behind the wheel. Driver is different. You have to qualify for the  game and then the fun beginns. From driving around the city and getting  acquainted with it up to full adrenaline challenges against the cops - over  40 missions will surely be enough for quite a while. And the police  certainly isn't so stupid as it could be presumed - you'll have to give  your best to outrun them. Graphics and sounds are near perfect. Oh, and DO  CRASH at least once - the crashes are so nice...
The graphics are stunning in this cool game from GT Interactive.  Always wanted to put the pedal to the medal and run from the cops?  Now you can!  Some of the missions will keep you on the edge of your car and the  replaybility is very good.  Get this game!
This the funky-ist and phates game of the late 90s. It so much fun that I've recommend it to people that don't even like driving games. It's like driving GTA in 3D, and just soo much better. And the soundtrack alone is  worth all the money. Tanner rules.
This tremor pack destroys the official rumble pack in many ways (performance) Made by interact which is a very well known 3rd party brand for ps2 ps1 gameboy and n64 here are the features it adds to your controllI dont like very light controlls because then i dont have any grip on the thing next thing I know im dropping the thing it adds weight to this controllerIt works on all brand controlls even the original nintendo brandBatteries last a while Ive been using mine a week and they just died outlow and high mode are exellent additions since if your batteries running low your your just an energy conserver they both work pretty well and on high mode it shakes just as realisticly and as hard as the original rumble pacthe memory card that comes with it is a bonus but it dosent mean you cant use your original nintendo pac it fits right in just like the one that comes with this tremor pac using the original memory card also makes it easyer to remove from tremor pac and makes it a bit less bulkyThe switch from save to rumble feature is a big help this was the main feature that got this product way up no other shocking pac will do the same for your controlloverall this product surpasses the original nintendo brand pac in every way you cant get anything better!
This was purchased as a gift for my daughter to use on her electronics.  She will enjoy it to no end.  Thank You.
Great for extending the cable for the Nintendo 64 N64 Controller for Nintendo's gaming console the Nintendo N64 by Nintendo. I may have stretched that sentence out to hit the 20 word minimum. Maybe. But a great cable nonetheless.
It is sturdy.  It connects well.  It play well.  It does exactly what you think it should do and does it well.
Pros:Extends N64 cable. What more do you want?Cons:No observable signal loss.I got these to use in a project, so they are mostly disassembled now. Still work great for what I'm doing!
These are between 5-6 feet and are great for getting back from the tv so you can play without hurting your eyes or sitting at a strange angle.
Who knew? I bought my copy of Suikoden II new, about 3 years ago, for thirty dollars. Now, apparently, I can sell it for three times this! Nonetheless, I continue to hold onto my (collector's?) copy. The game is THAT good.The game takes place a few years or so after the fall of the Scarlet Moon Empire (which was the setting for the original Suikoden). The plot follows similarly: a young boy becomes the leader of the side of right, and must constantly do battle against first, the forces of evil (Luca Blight) and second, his best friend (Jowy Atreides/Blight). This begs the question: why get this game since its plot is so similar to the last one?Well, for starters, the gameplay continues to be great, with the player once again asked to recruit the 108 stars of destiny (along with a few extra characters, particularly if there exists save data from the original Suikoden!). The battles are fun, although a bit too numerous for my liking. The townbuilding section is more involved in the sequel, and the rewards are better (including an Iron Chef-type cookoff, and well as a whack-a-mole game, a dance contest, a dice game, and other goodies). There are quite a few optional quests, multiple endingsand other goodies awaiting as well. Finally, for those of you who wish to purchase Suikoden III, keep in mind that you may load the save data from Suikoden II as well to open goodies in THAT game!This game is increasingly difficult to find, but if you can get your hands on it, you will be greatly rewarded! Good luck!
Suikoden II is surprisingly one of the last classic 2-Dimensional JRPGsto hit a home console. As such, at the time of it's release not too manypeople gave it much attention. As time has passed though, many peoplehave come to experience this game for themselves and see just how greatit is. I happen to be one of those people who did not experience the gameuntil much later after its release. Despite this, Suikoden II has enteredthe ranks of my favorite games of all time due to its sheer quality andimpeccable style for a 2-Dimensional JRPG. (If you're wondering how in thehell I could say this game has impeccable style, just take a close look atyour party in battle and you'll see what I'm talking about)Graphics aside, this game has a lot to offer as far as gameplay is concerned.One of the highlights of the Suikoden series in general is the fact thatthere are many different playable characters to choose from. This means that youare able to have a great amount of control over what team members assistyou in battle, and if you don't particularly like how a certain characterperforms in battle, you can simply swap them out for another character.With a battle party of six, you may at first feel a bit overwhelmed withhow many commands you have to input just to get your characters to attackthe enemies in battle, but this is negated pretty well with the Auto Battlefunction that you can select instead of individually inputting each character'sattack command. The nice thing about Auto Battle as well is that it only appliesitself for one turn, so if your characters become low in health after one turnof Auto-Battling, you can go ahead during the next turn and command your healerto heal your party without having to worry about the battle continuously progressing.This may seem like a minor point to mention, but it makes all of the differencewhen you are fighting monsters that can do heavy damage to your party.To me personally, and I'd assume to many others who have played this game as well,Suikoden II starts to become especially fun when your party acquires the castle thatthey use as their Headquarters. This Castle is essentially your central basein which your party plans their next objectives, and more importantly whereyou are able to rest, supply your team, and change out your team members.At first your castle starts out relatively small with only a few residents anda simple melody playing in the background, but as you recruit more members yourcastle will become bigger and bigger, and new shops can even be added dependingon which characters you recruit.Speaking of recruiting, Suikoden II's plot relies heavily on the fact that youare the leader of a relatively new army. As such, your army doesn't start outvery big, and you must recruit more members to grow in size. This is where anotherbig gameplay element comes into play. Throughout the world (or I should say continent)there are various characters who you can recruit into your army. Many of thesecharacters can be used in battle, but some of them can't as well. The characterswho cannot be used in battle usually setup residence in your castle and provideyour army with important services such as an armor shop, a rune shop, and even ablacksmith. These characters are possibly the most important to recruit, as they makelife a hell of a lot easier since they are essentially shops tucked right into yourcastle. With all the possible 108 characters recruited, (some of these 108 join automatically,so it's more around 80-90 that you can recruit) your castle essentially becomes theprime place to prepare for battle and stock up on equipment. A few of the charactersyou can recruit provide you with optional minigames as well, making your castle aplace to relax as well.Something quick to note is that the game features three distinct types of battles:-The first is the standard 6-on-X turn-based battles that occur the most frequently.-The second (and a personal favorite) is the duel battles, which involves your characterfacing an opponent one-on-one in a duel until one of the two has their health bar reach 0.-Last but not least are the war battles, which appear at first to be in the form of astrategy-RPG with grid and all. After some time however, it becomes apparent that thesebattles don't require too much strategy to win, but they still add to the game nonetheless.As far as story goes, I will keep this brief as to keep it relatively unspoiled.The plot involves the main character Riou as he overcomes the trials and tribulationsof being rejected by his homeland, which has become a land ruled by a madman whothirsts for power and cares very little about the lives of people in general.(If this sounds vague and hard to understand, then good! I'd hate to spoil the plotbecause it is very well written and worth experiencing in full for yourself.)Overall, the plotline of the game really hooked me the first time I played the game,and the writing of the characters and story are very well done and believable.Musically, this game is quite fantastic. If you have ever played the first Suikoden,the composer for that game, Miki Higashino, has returned yet again to provide a stellarmusical score for the sequel. Everything from the world map themes to the town themessound great, and they are even nice to listen to when you're not playing the game.The opening theme and name entry theme in particular have a very epic feeling to them thatdoes an impeccable job of getting you pumped up to play the game. This is a greatthing because that means that the game starts out with a bang as far as music is concerned,and it certainly doesn't stop until the end!As much as I'd like to say that this game is flawless, all great things come with a crutch.For Suikoden II however, this crutch ironically happened as a result of what I can onlyassume was a semi-rushed localization and not the result of an error on the creator's behalf.You see, Suikoden II is missing a few things. The things that Suikoden II is missing unfortunatelyincludes music and dialog.First off, the translation of the game seems a tad sloppy.It's nothing major usually, such as a minor typo or grammatical error in the script.At a few points during the game however, during an important scene in particular, a characterwill speak in garbled text, which I'm not exactly sure how it happened but it could beassumed that these lines were never translated to begin with. It doesn't happen all toooften mind you, but it is important to note that it does exist within the game, which is ashame.The second thing is something that I personally am disappointed by, which is thefact that some of the songs in the game are entirely missing. During the localization ofthe game, something must have happened that made some of the music not play when it wassupposed to. This is most evident during many of the war battles, which happen to besilent when a song should be playing in the background. It's unfortunate to me to seethat some music didn't play in the game, but all in all it is something that I canget over in the end, and many themes in the game still do play.As you can probably tell by now, I love Suikoden II, and if you gave it a shot, I'd evenwager that you would at the very least like it as well. You may not find it to be asspectacular as I did, especially if you aren't very keen on Japanese RPGs. But ifyou happen to be a JRPG nut like I am, I can guarantee you that this game does notdisappoint. The gameplay, music, story, and art that is contained within this gemcombine to create an exceptionally well done RPG that remains a classic to this day.
When this game first came out, I had no interest in it.  There was just something about it.  I was more interested in the first, with its more shallow plotline and lighter story, than the emotional, thrilling ride that the second gave.  Yet now that I have finished the second Suikoden (missing 37 stars, my bad!), I can tell you one thing.  This game is one of the best RPGs out there.The story is emotional and excellently put.  I won't bother telling you of what it is, since you can just as easily read about it, but its heart-wrenching and perfect.  You literally feel for the characters.  Yet there isn't just deep emotions and sadness.  I assure you that you will get a darn good laugh as well.  Whether from Viktor and Flik busting each other (as they like to do during the entire game), or from your own enemies (yes, they know how to make you laugh), you won't just be upset, you'll also laugh your head off (but be sure to pick it back up to continue playing the game).  This game is not a drama-filled creation, nor a light-hearted child's play.  It runs the way a person's life would run -- There's a war, and you can expect sadness, cruelty, drama, even stupidity... But don't forget the laughs, the romance (failed most of the time), and the fun.The game plays smoothly as well.  This game has not locked up on me, not once, unlike the first Suikoden.  There was not a single time when it froze or wouldn't work, and my copy is an old one!  It ran smoothly, not pausing in the least.  Unlike some games, where the game pauses before slipping into a cinema, Suikoden II flows right into the cinema without a single pause.  The entire game simply flows along, without pause, and without a single freeze-up.While the graphics are 2D and definitely outdated, locations are detailed, and specifically change.  Villages will go from standing, to burned, to half-repaired (to a point).  Your castle will grow, rather than stay the same (and you will be lost for 5000 hours trying to figure out where everything is).  In the cinemas, the graphics are smooth and well-done, though still a bit on the outdated side.  Music score is excellent.  Unlike Suikoden, which had some music that made you shriek and flee with terror, Suikoden II does not have a single music score that made me cringe or even show signs of discomfort.  Each score is beautifully done, and rather catchy too, if, of course, repetative.  Despite its repatative nature, however, you can't be disappointed.108 characters?!  That's right, the 108 Stars of Destiny are here again, and as usual, each character is different.  From a stuck-up mage-warrior to a clueless-beyond-relief teleporting mage, each character has their own personality, and own abilities.  Furthermore, each character will normally have something different to say depending on what's going on.  For once, the characters are not just "robots"... They actually have "life", so to speak.  You can truly love some characters, and hate others, and that's what you want in an RPG, right?Battles are unique.  There are three types of battles, and each type is smoothly spread through-out the game.  One-on-one battles are rare, but their rarity wasn't disappointing, and I honestly didn't miss them.  Tactic, war-time battles were often, but most of the time there was a predetermined win-lose situation; disappointing, but there are times when your brain is actually necessary.  And finally, your average "fight monsters with your party" battles.  You get six people to fight against the monsters, and combining their abilities can actually mean win or loss.  Combination attacks, Runes (magic), weapons, stats, range... All of them are important in creating your party.  You cannot just throw together a bunch of people and expect to win without doing something, whether sharpening their weapons, giving them tons of armor, or placing them in the back row and (hopefully) out of harm's way.  For example, a mage in the front will do no good since mage's often have low defense, but placing a high-defense warrior in the front can make for a living, fighting barricade.  I think Suikoden II is one of the few games where you actually have to use your head.Now, I'm sure you're tired of hearing me talk about the greatness of the game.  Of course it has its flaws.  Grammatical and spelling errors, no doubt caused by translation problems, are hilarious. ("So, let us here it", instead of "let us hear it")  There are also times when the wrong person is talking, or the wrong person is spoke of.  In the end, however, the problems aren't so bad as for you to not figure it out in the end.  They are also a bit on the rare side, and do not make the game seem too "error-filled" or childish.  Sometimes it can get a bit confusing on where you have to go and what you have to do... Sometimes things just seem to happen randomly, with no direct idea of what to do.  There are those traditional times when you just want to kick the character and scream "DUH!  YOU IDIOT!"  And of course finding all 108 Stars is a pain, but that's the challenge of the game.Overall, I think that the game's flaws are far beaten against its brilliance.  If you can somehow manage to afford it (not everyone is lucky enough to get hand-me-down games from friends, like me), be sure to buy it.  Your money will be well spent.
I'll make this short and sweet. Suikoden 2 is the greatest rpg of it's time. For the max kind of graphics and overall game capabilities available at the time Suikoden 2 did extraordinarily well. However, if the game came out today I'd only give it a crappy 4 out of 10 rating. FF 10 blows this game out of the water!! Plus, no game (AND I MEAN ABSOLUTELY NO GAME) is worth over $100. I sold my copy a year ago for $75 and just recently tried to buy the game again because of Suikoden 5 coming out and I wanted the whole collection. I could not believe how much the game goes for online or at all for that matter. I don't care how rare a game is. As a matter of principle and good business ethics I'd strongly urge all people to not purchase this game unless the price goes down.
Suikoden 2 is a great game, and I'm glad I grabbed a copy way back with the guide, maybe I should sell my copy and take a tropical vacation. Seems that these rare games are developing into collectors items more than games now. If you really want to spend $100+ on a game your bordering on nuts,but buy suikoden part 1 cause its vital to fully enjoy this game. However this game is beautiful, deep, and captivating. I have played it thru several times, you can even load your original suikoden data if you gathered the 108 stars in that game to add storyline and events to this title. Greatest Rpg series ever a must for a true rpg fan/collector.
Konami's Suikoden has always been by favorate RPG series next to Final Fantasy. Though the only reason I put FF above it is because of graphics. Suikoden's battle system is pretty tight. You fight with 6 characters at a time instead of the traditional 3. Once your characters get pretty strong, you'll never have to waste much time on weaker enemies. You can just hit auto, and all 6 charcters will attack at once. Runes suppy a character with magic. Though unlike most RPGs where magic is just a non-physical attack, in Suikoden magic is pretty powerful. Therefore the number of times you use it in battle is limited. Suikoden features up to 200 characters. Some returning from the first, others brand new. Of course, when dealing with that many characters the only true difference between them is their appearance, weapons and background. There battle options would pretty much be the same. Some characters can do speacial tag -team like moves with each other. {Example: Father and son etc}The game features 2 kinds of battles. Normal and Army. In the army battle, your crew {of however many you have at the time} arespit into groups of 3. Each group represents a unit. You can customize the groups to your liking. Depending on what characters are in a group will determine how strong that unit is.One of the funnest aspects of the game is its castle. It starts off as an abandoned castle. Yet after you gain enough people it will slowly grow bigger and bigger until its a full-fledged town.Certain characters may open resturants or inns,shops, etc. I personally have no complaints with the game. If you play games for fun and gameplay this is it. For those looking for graphics this isn't for you.
I have been playing the Suikoden series for years, ever since the first one was release I was HOOKED.Suikoden 2 is nothing like the first release, well there are 108 Characters but that is just a part of Suikoden in general so no big deal, just makes it that much more fun. The story line in this one is Amazing as for the characters I would recommend going back and playing the first. You will enjoy and appreciate this game much more.In this Suikoden sadly one of my favorite parts was always the Cook off's. This game just has so much to offer it is unreal. This game has yet to be beat in my opinion and I am an AVID gamer.I bought 4 Copies of this game when it came out, I was THAT hooked to it I did not want to take a chance on losing it or having my disc damaged. I lost all but one and still play it to this day! If you have 100+ Bucks laying around do not hesitate buy this game now!!!
Easily the best RPG I have ever played. Graphics are not the best, but the battle system, immersive storyline, great music, detailed cities, and unique characterizations are phenomenal. Unlike many future RPG's, the load times for Suikoden 2 are very short, most likely due to the substandard graphics. If you can get over the graphics, the rest of the gameplay is incredible. The plot is unforgettable, and collecting the 108 stars of destiny is challenging and fun. Many side-quests, secrets, and player choices make this RPG one of my favorites to this day. Suikoden 2 is a classic.
Not much to say here that hasn't been said...there is definitely a reason why you can't find this game for under 100 bucks these days.  I'm so glad I picked it up when I did.  I had already owned and loved the first game (which was an impulse buy for 20 bucks at wal-mart) and saw this one was out in Babbage's but kept putting off buying it.  Thankfully by the time I did they had some left!  I didn't know it was so rare back then.  The intros to this game (meaning the start up cinematic and the credit scene when you actually start playing) are two of the best scenes and musical compositions I've seen/heard in my gaming history.  I just love the music in the Suikoden series, but parts 1 and 2 definitely blow out all the later games.  Anyway Suikoden 2 is definitely the high point in the series.  If you decide to pay the big bucks for it you'll be justified.
When I look back now at when I bought this game, as well as several other great games, I can't remember exactly what inspired me to buy it. What I do know is why I kept it. Suikoden 2 is not only the best game in the suikoden series, it's also one of the greatest role playing games to ever grace the market. The story is rich and immersive, the characters memorable and iconic, and the battle system is classical perfection.The game puts you in control of one of the two main characters who, although they are best friends, have opposing destinies. When their own country betrays them for an excuse to go to war, the two start on a path to try and find their place in the world, trapped between the home that betrayed them and their sworn enemies.A lot happens during the course of the story, not unlike the drastic changes that would take place during a war. Yet the story never stretches itself thin. It keeps you interested in every step up to the final confrontation. The game also takes advantage of genius war tactics, that were used in actual campaigns in history, as part of the story.There are also the customary 108 characters that are collected through out the game. Some are support characters that will add functions to your army and dimensions to your base castle, and most of them are playable characters that you can use in battle. Each of the characters, even if shortly introduced, are memorable and full of dimensions that are sometimes established with only a few short sentences. Even in such situations, the characters are rich with life making this perhaps the best cast in any suikoden game. Each character is animated in an anime-esque style, which makes sense it being a japanese game. Even if you are not a fan of the style of art it is the perfect face for the game when you see it all together.The battle system in the game is traditional RPG turn based format. But they use the turn based system to perfection. There are six characters on screen, 3 in the front row 3 in the back. Characters in front can attack freely but characters in the back row can only attack if they have long range weapons, such as a bow. Characters that share some kind of history, or know similar fighting styles, can team up to do combined special moves. These moves range from being simply entertaining to completely devastating. Charactes who can't attack from the back row can still function as fighters if they have a combo attack with another character. This adds a well rounded strategic element to the set up of a conventional group, since characters with combo attacks usually need to be in the same row or in the same column to perfom their attacks.I have beaten this role playing game multiple times and still find it just as entertaining as the first day i picked it up. It is truly a gilded great, and that's not just a funny phrase. Anyone who has looked for this game in recent years has probably found it ranging from $55 to $250! I will certainly say, I am grateful I never sold this game, and if you ever obtain it, you will not be disappointed.
one word. PERFECT. has all genres of a good story. betrayal,comedy,drama,action,and even some romance.What more do you want?The only frustrating part about it is looking for all 108 characters but its completely WORTH it for two reasons.1.Gives you the perfect ending which satisfies and ties up any loose ends2.The more characters you have, the more fun you have in the castle you earn in the game.this game is so creative. just take my advice and play this game! I couldnt resist this game to start playing more than 10 times. hahaha.....I got this game when they were still selling it at Toys R Us. So man Im glad I did not give this game away or I would have to spend the ridiculously high price of 100 bucks.. But this game is completely worth it and there are absolutely no flaws! Just plain fun and emotional :).
Suikoden 3 does not suck, however compared to Suikoden 1 and 2, it is not that great. I remember playing 1 again for the 108 stars of destiny, then playing 2 for the 108 stars of destiny, and after doing it, I realized how terrific of a game this is.Suikoden 1 and it feel extremely alike, you can still love the characters, and the relationship between Joey and Hero is tremendously powerful. Now, I didn't fully appreciate the ending until I got the good one. There are 3 different ones. One is lame, one is semi okay but sad slightly, and the best one is a tremendously great and happy ending, even sad to see it end so well.The game plays just like number 1, if you are query me about number 1 because you don't want to play it, shame on you. You should go find suikoden 1 somewhere and play that first, otherwise forget reading this review. Ok so you can meet up with alot of new characters, old ones, and there are new minigames. The castle is large, but easy to get around. It gets better and better as you get more guys and progress more. I loved the army chef battles, a parody off the iron chef show. The fighting was tremendously fun. With great runes that tell damage and healing factor, and great sprite animations.I really don't want to give anything away. There are different things you can do to make different outcomes, I would play it once without cheating, and then play it again with a faq to get the best ending. You can do different things sometimes that actually affect the outcome. You can even run away or back out of stuff.Mass battles are fun in this one. First game had awesome battles, but this one has extremely nice ones, that are fun, and slighlty addictive as you get more characters and new things to try out.Get the game, have fun with it. Enjoy the 2d suikoden games forever if you can.
The original Suikoden remains one of the PlayStation's finest early role-playing games, a pleasant mixture of traditional RPG gameplay and strategic planning. This sequel builds upon the respectable framework laid by the first title, adding a far more complex plot and refining the game's graphics. You assume the role of a valiant lad in the midst of a brutal war, and you are fated to reunite the 108 stars of destiny to end the strife encompassing the land. While its predecessor features a few mini-games to dabble with, Suikoden II assaults you with an unbelievable assortment of diabolical diversions. Several games of chance, a rock climbing adventure, and an Iron Chef-style cook-off are merely a few of the many ways to extend your gaming experience. Role-playing fans looking for an exceptionally deep and lengthy quest need not look any further, for this game has precisely what you need.
I really enjoyed playing Suikoden II and consider it a fine addition to my RPG collection.  While neither Suikoden nor Suikoden II seem to be rated with the upper echelon of outstandingly stellar RPG, the storyline is engaging, the characters are interesting and the graphics are cool.  The graphics are so good, in fact, that players of the first Suikoden will recognize some old friends just by seeing them on the screen.  The goal is still to try and recruit as many characters as possible, and you will have to go on a few side quests here and there to get them all.  But it's worth it to unlock the entire story.  There are also some special characters you can get who are not mandatory to your quest but are fun to take into battle.  I don't think you'll be disappointed with Suikoden II.
If you don't buy this game now, you are a crackhead. This is easily the best RPG ever to grace any videogame system. This game FAR surpasses anything even today. The only complaints I would have with this game are the result of future suikodens giving fans what they asked for. Namely jeane as a playable character, more of her boobs and less clothing. Mcdhol makes an appearance in this as you can load the save game from the first suikoden- a very original idea. Much of what needs to be said has been said by others. If you don't add this game to your collection you belong in a psyciantric hospital.
After beating the game, all I could say what &quot;wow.&quot;  Where to even begin?The storyline is fantastic and incredibly involving.  It  has enough plot twists to keep your head spinning, but it's never  confusing.  I hope everyone that played the game watched what was after the  credits.  One of the biggest plot twists happens at the very end.Even  though it is a great, wordy story, it's also FUN.  There are few things  that are less fun in a video game than sneaking around, being stealthy, and  solving puzzles.  The weapons never disappoint and the boards are never  repetative.  Sometimes the puzzles get a little bit difficult but that  gives it a fun edge to it if you don't throw your controller at the TV like  I thought about a few times :).Hideo directed this so beautifully.  I  have never seen a video game before that actually had a movie-like feel to  it or an actual directing *style*.The game is for a very mature crowd  though.  I'm not saying a younger crowd couldn't enjoy it but the subjects  the touch on in about the last 15 minutes of the game might not mean a  whole lot to, say, a 10 year old.The game is still fantastic.  Rent this  game ASAP!
This is no doubt konami's greatest work.The graphix are great for a PS1 game.The storyline has to be the best I have ever heard of for a game.You can really tell that konami put alot of time,thought and feeling into this one!The gameplay is great and the game is preety long and since the plot is so great and the way it unravels just makes you wanto keep on playing and playing.I first played this at one of my friends house.The AI  though is kind of pathetic.I mean you can be behinde a few boxes,look up,aim at a bad guys leg and shoot him and he just goes"HUH,WHOS THERE"?So I shot him a second time to see what he was doing and the second time he actually started to walk towards me and then he says"HMMMM" and then he turned around and walked back to where he was standing.After that I got mad and I ran all the way up to him when his back was turned and I kicked him and he goes "HUH"!And then after about 5 seconds he FINALLY turned around and saw me and then I killed him.So I hope just because I told you that the enemys are stupid that that wont keep you from buying it because this is still a fun game and the enemys do get a little smarter if you select hard mode.The Bosses are great and well thought up and you even get to learn alot about there privet life when there not trying to take over the planet,like...Sniper Wolf,it talks about her and it even talks about one of your team mates(Octagon)falling in love with her.Its funny though because after you kill her you have to listen to him whine about her death and stuff.Overall this game is great,fun,and has some replay value also.I recommend this game to everyone!
There is a reason many(like me)consider this game to be the best psx,nay,best game ever.In fact there are many reasons.One reason is the incredible story.The story is phenominal.You play as Solid Snake infaltrating a base in Alaska.Your mission is to save to very important hostages and destroy the most dangerous weapon on Earth,Metal Gear.The voice actors are fantastic.Nothing short of superb.The story is loaded with wise sayings,interesting characters,humor(a little),romance,sadness,and fear.Another reason is the fantastic gameplay.The stealth is something innovative and welcome.You really shouldn't shoot everyone(no matter how tempting)because they will call for back-up and most likely kill you.Weapons are fun to use and items help make it easier to go along.The A.I. is superb.Each character has a field of vision and if caught they will call for back-up and you will a) die or b)run and hide.I never knew PSX A.I. could be so advanced.The graphics are good by today's standards.But back wen this game came out no detail was spared.This game may be loved wide-spread but in my opinion not the right choice for everyone.Thanks for reading!
Pros:Very interesting and well done storyYou use stealth instead of force in the gamevery fungood controlslong ,interesting, and entertaining cutscenesdone like a spy dramacan go in 1st person veiwa good portion of bosses are hand to hand combat for fighting fansa story of betrayl death and deceptionmultible endingsother games than story modeyou have communicaterhigh replay valueCons:some other characters in the story get repetativemight affend gulf war veterans.
This has the best plot in a story line ever and this is better than MGS 2 on PS2(PLAYSTATION 2).Everything is great, characters/voice acting, music, intence stealth(if your new to stealth games), plot twists, boses and many more.There's tons of originality and this has got to be the best game of all time.
The Metal Gear Solid series is one of the greatest series of video games ever made and this is where it all started.From the story, to the graphics, and to the music and settings, this game will amaze you. The production values and quality of this game are tremendous.And the gameplay?Brilliant! As those Guiness guys would say...The key to this game is stealth and not all out running and gunning. If you fight upwards of two guys at a time, you will die. Its pretty much that simple.But to help you in your stealth mission is a boatload of cool gadgets that would make James Bond blush. You got silenced handguns and machine guns. Thermal goggles. Night vision goggles. Mine detectors. And the simple yet fun cardboard boxes.Every item in this game has its own special and unique uses from ketchup to cigarettes.And the best part of this game are the boss battles. Each boss is truly unique, memorable, and a joy to fight. You will have a blast from Psycho Mantis to the Ninja to the climatic battle vs the towering Metal Gear.This game was voted as the greatest Playstation game of all time by both IGN and Gamespot and for good reason. It is simply one of the best games ever made and already a timeless classic.
There's nothing new that I could possibly say about this game, other than it's really, really great.
this game is just the best game ever to hit the ps1, and waaaay ahead of its time as far as realistic storytelling. it just doesnt come any better then this. experience it if u havent.
As a gamer, I play plenty of games each year.  Some are good, few are great, many are mediocre.  Almost none live up to the standard that this game has created.  I played this game for the first time this year, and it beats out everything else I've played  - I just can't put it down!  I am only about 5 hours in and haven't even reached the 2nd disc yet, but I feel I've played enough to give a fair judgement of the game and its mechanics.I downloaded this game from PSN to my PSP, and even without a controller this game controls quite well, save for the shooting.  Using the PSP's control nub is kind of inaccurate when attempting to fine-tune shots.  The game features many control options to choose from.The story revolves around Snake, a secret agent who is trying to stop his former military unit from launching a nuclear weapon.  The plot unfolds mainly through cutscenes and codec conversations...lots of them.  However, I feel that the plot was interesting enough to make up for what may be a bit too much exposition.Gameplay revolves around stealth.  Although there are guns, it is to your advantage to take out enemies quietly and one at a time - or avoid them altogether.  You can go in guns blazing, strangle each enemy one by one, or hide from enemies all together - that is the beauty of this game.  You are given many tools and gadgets to get the job done, but it is up to you to figure out how to proceed.  Unlike many games today with only one right way to proceed, there are many possible strategies to use to make it through the terrorist base.  There are also plenty of boss fights (which in my opinion are the best part of the game) which are all varied and interesting, as well as challenging.In short, MGS is simply a game you can't miss.  If you go into the game yearning for something different from the typical action shooters of today, you should be in for a treat.PROS:-Interesting story-Unique, innovative, strategic gameplay-Challening, fun boss fights-Great voice acting and music-Decent length, for the price and age of the gameCONS:-Perhaps a bit too much exposition-Story can be hard to keep up with at times.
Ok, I have always considered this game as THE best game I have ever played and haven't posted a review but why now?  I recently have purchased and finished Metal Gear Solid 2.  I had such a high expectation for the sequel because the first one was such a GREAT game.When there were hypes and information of MGS, i wasn't interested in it at all because i'm a old schooler, just into 2D games.  However, when i had a chance to play a demo at Toy'R'Us, i knew i had to get this game for no matter what.  So i ended up getting it the day it came out and was so amazed at the masterpiece.Story line, game play, graphic, music, and fun factor.. all A-rated.  The graphic was the best from that time where everything's based with color green.  The amount of detail was almost insane to the point where you can literally see mice running around.  The appearance of night vision/thermo goggle gave a whole new look.  The music was there to really raise this game to another height because the strongest point of this game is its story line, presented through cut scenes.  When these emotional/shocking cut scenes are coupled with A-rated music, it really brings out the emotion and shock very effectively.  It really brought vibration function to a new standard and believe me, time to time it makes fun out of itself for being a game, which didn't kill the game but rather added more spice to the game.  Each character, whether pro/antagonist, there were strong character development though it might be a short cut scene.  However, it was more than GOOD enough, you could literally be sympathic with the characters.  Still, my favorite character Psycho Mantis,, oh man,, you just gotta play and see &quot;,,it feels nice,,&quot;The biggest difference between this game and the second one is that the first one knew when and where to put the cut scenes.  The first one was very controlled yet it was just right for the gamers to really appreciate the story flow, whereas in the second one, it's just wasted use of ineffective cut scenes here and there, not to mention ridiculous codec dialogues (which literally not only stop from continuing its legacy, but killed it).  Another biggest difference has to be the ending.  The ending for the first one was really, REALLY rewarding, i absolutely had this sense of 'fulfilled, completed, satisfied, reward'  You will know what i mean.  The second one, umm,,, no comment.Well, what can i say,,  i could find no flaws from this very game (well, there's no such thing as 'perfect' game, there were little bit of flaw with A.I., but trust me, it's really nothing when you are being overwhelmed by this game).  Like this editor from EGM said, this game is about experience.  Absolutely, it is.  I have played variety of games, import, domestic, and used to work as a game tester: when i have to pick one game for the best of the best, I PICK METAL GEAR SOLID WITHOUT ANY HEGITATION.PLEASE, DO ME A FAVOR AND DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS GEM. ENJOY IT-.
In many ways I always liked playing the original Playstation since the amount of games that were must-plays to the undiscovered gems always seemed plentiful so you never felt like you didn't buy a machine for at most, 5 or 6 games. Metal Gear Solid was quite a fun and intriguing release and it brought a more cinematic telling into the stories and although short and plotwise it can get into philosophy-speak a bit too often (though at least it's easier to swallow than Sons of Liberty), it was still one of the more unique play experiences found on the console.Story: You play as Solid Snake who's sent to Shadow Moses Island in Alaska to rescue DARPA Chief Donald Anderson and ArmsTech President Kenneth Baker as well as stop the terrorist's plans on launching a nuke. But that's just the start of it as we get FOXHOUND members, special elite soldiers who went rogue, a big beast of a machine and Snake's own connection to the leader of the group.Graphics: Since this is the original Playstation, you kind of have to take everything at face value: they look blocky now and lack the clarity of Sons of Liberty or the huge polish of Snake Eater but it was on a lesser console so it makes sense. But at the time it was impressive with lots of cutscenes, done very movie-like and indeed the environments were well handled.Sound/Music: Along with the Lunar series, the MGS series has always been prime examples of how voice acting should be done. Instead of overeager voices or just robotic delivery, it's very easy to get involved with the story when the actors do a great job at balancing the quieter moments with the more plot-based information. The music does a good job as well though it's used rather sparingly.Gameplay: Unlike other games were it's encouraged to go crazy on your enemies, the MGS series rewards stealth and non-killing to progress. Use tranquilizer guns or knock out enemies, the object is to be seen as little as possible. Even then you have a huge assortment of goodies at your disposal that inexplicably can be stored in Snake's tiny pockets. From sniper rifles to 2 different kind of missile launchers, automatics and handguns and goggles, there's plenty to use should you get caught. Aiding your ability to not be seen is the radar where a blue cone represents your enemy's field of vision which you avoid though you can distract them by making noise such as knocking on walls.Cutscenes are well-handled from FMV-types which detail nuclear histories and such while there's others which handle the in-game cinematics like meeting characters. But Snake also talks through the CODEC, a radio and video communication which shows a black screen, text and 2 character portraits and though it's handy to read all the heavy plot scenes, it feels strange for character moments. Get used to that ring too since you'll be hearing it a lot as you play the game. The other negative people might have is its length which doesn't really feel long and it's actually perfectly paced and it doesn't feel like the game got extended just for the sake of adding more stuff to do.Although we have the remake with the Twin Snakes, I felt the original is the best version and while graphically it shows its age, it's still an engrossing playthrough.
The Sony store has this game to download for around ten bucks! I forgot how blocky the graphics are and the people's mouths don't move when they speak but that adds to the campyness of it.The one thing that bugs me is that the game is set up for the old PS1 controllers that don't have the two joysticks so the controller will not use those for movement. I've tried to find a way to make them work but to no avail. I'm so use to the joysticks that I forget and try to move with them all of the time which makes for some bad situations while I'm trying to make a fast exit.I forgot how good the game was and it's refreshing to play a low tech game, I probably wouldn't say that if it wasn't as good as Metal Gear.
Real time cut scennes, something that was practically unheard of in the day of Metal Gear Solid, and while the lips annoyingly refused to move the camera work was epic, sweeping, dynamic, and everything an action flick should be. Metal Gear Solid was indeed a revolutionary title and the first video game that I played with grade AAA voice acting. (Of course I hadn't played Legacy of Kain at that point.) The directing in this game is its biggest accomplishment. Hideo Kojima needs to do movies. If movies these days could be even half this good I'd be less likely to complain so much. This is another add to my &quot;I wish they'd remake it for GCN.&quot;.
Although this game doesn't have the BEST graphics, the story, sound, and gameplay more than makes up for that minute detail. Solid Snake is definitely one of the most, if not the most, coolest video game characters of all time. When I first started this game, I was really nervous, thinking all of this sneaking around in the middle of a heavily armed base would be impossible for me to do without getting caught every 2 minutes. But, I turned out to be better at stealth than I thought (I guess I have my game &quot;Tenchu: Stealth Assassins&quot; to thank for that). This game was not only full of action, but the story was the best one I've ever come across in a video game: it was unsurpassable until the sequel came out! The enemies were really cool too, especially the Cyborg Ninja, Vulcan Raven, and the totally badass Liquid Snake.All I have left to say is, get this game. If you have only part 2 and enjoy its plot-twists, action, and gameplay, then &quot;Metal Gear Solid&quot; is a game you MUST have.
played this game a lot, maybe too much, sort of have an alter ego now but that is everyone elses problem, all beware i am snake lol, you need to put it up for a little while when you start having dreams though for the sake of society.
in my opinion, this is thee best video game EVER.  a game that encourages you NOT to shoot but instead to sneak around.  very chilling, exciting, fun and entertaining.  you play solid snake, a combo of bond and snake pliskin character type.  you enter the enemy compound to do many tasks(i would rather not spoil the fun by telling anything to ruin your fun).  let me say, if you do not own this and you like games and you like spy games or games of this nature then YOU NEED THIS and will not be disappointed.  it is a great storyline and an awesome game which make for good and intersting fun all around.
Many gamers know the words &quot;Metal Gear&quot; to be associated of the truly innovative NES title released some ten or eleven years ago. Truly revolutionary for that time, it was the only action game that didn't allow you to just go running around looking for fights; otherwise the same thing that would happen in real life to a one-man army would happen to you in the game. It made you think. Few games do this, and that's what makes this game, no, this franchise, so great.MGS follows te never-ending story of one Solid Snake, a one-man army working to stop terrorists from an organization named FOX-HOUND from launching a nuclear warhead from a killing machine named &lt;gasp!&gt; Metal Gear. Although this game may seem too hard for even a seasoned gamer, that's because they're approching the game the wrong way. You can't expect to go the whole game without getting caught by a guard or without not quite knowing what to do. That's where this game's real beauty kicks in.The cut-scenes, taken right from the in-game engine, work flawlessly with gameplay to give the feeling of playing a movie more than a game. The player MUST use stealth tactics, or he/she won't survive the first level, which is (believe it or not) the easiest one. The game gets progressively harder, but you never get discouraged enough to just give up. It keeps bringing you back for more. There are weapons a-plenty, and just because you won't be using them much (if you're smart,) you better get anything you can. &lt;hint: chaff grenades are REALLY handy against certain bosses, like Ninja and Vulcan Raven's tank.&gt;  If you don't like using your head, you won't like this game. One last tip: the CODEC system used to communicate with others is a valuable too against bosses. Use it whenever you don't know what to do.RATINGS (1-5) Graphics: 5- truly remarkable. You can even see Snake's breath when it's cold in a certain area! Sound: 5- all the sounds are in there, and the noise you make also affects whether you get caught or not. Control: 5- superb. Snake handles like a well-oiled... something. Some innovative ways to use both controller ports by Konami, as well.. (wait 'til you fight Psycho Mantis; you'll find out.) Funocity: 5- DID YOU EXPECT ANYTHING ELSE?!?OVERALL: 5 out of 5- it's just too good to deserve anything else. Be sure to pick this one up if you haven't already.
A friend let me borrow the game and I was amazed.  I requires a heck of a lot of strategy.  I am still waiting for a game like this for my PS2.  This is the only game that got me away from play Madden 2001.  Basically you go threw a bunch of missions so you can destroy metal gear, which is a nuclear weapon.  The game not only includes killing and adventure, but also tries to teach you about the nuclear weapons and power.  I think getting this game for ... is a steal.  If you have never played it definitely buy it and play it on normal or hard mode.  It will waste the adventure to play it on easy.  It took me around a month to beat, playing it about 2 hours a day.  Only negative is that there is a lot of talking in the game.
When this game first came out and I played it I did not think too highly of it since I was used to action games and did not understand the espionage part of it.  But after recently buying the compilation with the game is in it, I realize all that I was missing even 10 years after its release.Of course, the graphics are not on par now days but it features some of the best for its time.  The way the game is set up it is revolutionary- sexy ladies, Snake smokes so you can see the lazers, Psycho Mantis- nuff said (don't want to create any spoilers for those whom didn't play the game) but the way to beat him would stump anyone the first time through since it involves messing with your playstation hardware literally or else he is invincible.Though there are adult themes and bloody scenerios but that's why this game is rated Mature.  But the way this game is set up, it is still a classic and a blast to play and replay.
INTRODUCTION: Metal Gear Solid was released in 1998 and it became instantly famous. It's great graphics, (for the time) wonderful story, and its fun gameplay made it a hit!GAMEPLAY: You are Solid Snake, and you have to infiltrate through a huge terrorist base threatening the US for money and Big Boss's remains. You have to be sneaky and stealthy, for if a guard catches you, a hoard of enemies will come and try to find and kill you, so be careful.You will also get some cool weapons, like the Socom, which is a powerful gun, and the Nikita, a remote-controlled missile launcher.Boss fights are fun and unique, from the gun-duel with Revolver Ocelot, to fighting a tank and helicopter on foot, to having a fistfight with a robotic ninja, the bosses are awesome.In the game you will get a camera, which allows you to take pictures and discover ghosts. But you need a block per picture.If you ever get stuck, contact your buddies on Codec, a cool communication system that allows you to talk to people like the General, Mei-Ling, (who saves your game) Master, (who looks like Wesker off Resident Evil) and more.One more thing, the torture event. You have to tap circle rapidly to restore your health. You can submit, but if you do, Meryl, the hot, tough, woman that Snake loves, dies. Ocelot says if you use auto-fire, he'll know. He's lying. Turbo controllers are safe and are necessary for this part.GRAPHICS: Well, it looks like standard Playstation graphics. Polygonal and grainy. But it was good for the time.MUSIC: The music in the game is very suspenseful and catchy. Especially the boss music. Better than the remake's.SOUND: The voices are very well done, and the sounds are pretty great, too.STORY: The story unfolds through cinema-style cutscenes, (Which were new for gaming at the time) and Codec calls. The story is very rich and greatly crafted, if not a bit confusing.OVERALL: One awesome game which is a must have for your collection. Also, get the sequels and the remake, The Twin Snakes. I love this game.
This is probably my all-time favorite game at this point, and as I've had it over a year now, and I've been playing video games since &quot;Pac-Man&quot; was a major hit... I can say it's pretty good!Pluses are being able to sneak around to avoid combat (unlike a lot of games where the enemies run right at you when you enter a scene), cool weapons, an awesome story-line and a soundtrack that is beyond cool (listen to the intro and ending song).Okay, if you've played the old 8-bit Nintendo games of Metal Gear, you are going to remember &quot;Solid Snake&quot;, as he battled the forces of Outer Heaven. Now, the graphics have improved and so the game has a real &quot;feel&quot; to it, and you're silenced pistol is your best friend. There are two secret items in the game. One is an unlimited ammo bandana, and the other, a stealth suit. And if you beat it twice on the same save... something else happens (think James Bond).Can't say enough good things about this one!
Metal gear solid has the most complex and often perplexing storyline I have ever seen in a video game, hands down. It will always have you on your toes, literally. I have seen many movies, and I can honestly say this game has a better storyline than most movies. Here is what you need to know..Graphics- 100/100 The graphics were top of the line when this game first came out, and even to this day they look great. There is so much detail to every aspect of the game, and even compared to most newer games, this game wins out. Back when I first played it in about early 2000 or so, the graphics were the best the playstation had to offer, and that's a year or so after this game came out, which is pretty astonishing. There is even a scene where Snake is in the girls bathroom, and there is a mirror which perfectly reflects everything. I mean, back when this game came out that was a pretty big feat both graphically and attention wise. Most games just don't pay the kind of attention this game does.Sound- 100/100 Perfect. Just flawless. There isn't much of an actual soundtrack, but the music is incredibly atmospheric and will make you feel like you are Solid Snake, infiltrating a nuclear base. The voice-overs are the best I have ever seen in a video game. Solid Snakes voice over is perfect, and just about everyone elses fits their personality and there image. Otacon's fits him perfectly, so do Meryl's and Liquid Snake's.Seriously though, this game has incredible sound and has never been surpassed by any action game to date.Gameplay- 100/100 I have heard people complain about the poor camera views limiting the gameplay, but in my opinion, the camera views perfectly fit this game and the game wouldn't be the same without them. Sure, it would have been nice to have a first person perspective while using the weapons, but it's all the same to me. I think it is perfectly fine having to shoot enemies in a third person view, and it works better with the type of graphics that it has. When you are spotted, enemies will storm in from all directions to stop you, something that seperates this game from all others. This game gives you good reason to want to play it safe, but still allows you you have some action packed fun as well, if you want to take a chance that is. Also, this game has an incredible storyline but doesn't throw it in your face all the time. MGS2 drags the storyline on eccesively and bores you with excruciatingly long cut scenes and codec conversations. I remember using the square button to skip most of the cut scenes in MGS2. The problem with MG2 is that the storyline is too complex for the good of the game. I mean, much of it is pointless grubble and the game bores you by making you listen to conversations about crap that doesn't apply necessarily to the main storyline, making it a waste of time. This game, however, truly has a wonderful , complex storyline that you will WANT to watch and listen to. Every conversation and cut scene adds to the game flawlessly, so you will probably never get bored, although I am sure you will find yourself reading the codec conversations manually instead of listening to the people talk, since they tend to talk rather slowly and take up a bit too much gameplay.Overall- 100/100 This game is as perfect as it gets, and I have beaten it at least 15 times, if not more. Even to this day it is a pleasure to play, and I don't think it will get old any time soon.
Really well crafted. Like a movie, but longer, more fun and exciting. Games like this will change entertainment. You must play this through at least once.
MGS is one of the best games made for the playstation system, there are not many people who would disagree with that. Not only does the game of an enthralling plotline, great characters, and wonderful weapons, but the controls are easy and fun to use.The game is smooth to play, making it easy to switch from item to item, without breaking a sweat. The story that goes along with this game, has enough twists and turns to go with a hollywood movie. Just when you think you know what is going on, something else happens and throws the story in a totally different direction. That is what makes the game so good, the graphics could be worse than they are, and this game would still be amazing.The bosses are challening, and the weapons are helpful to your quest. Whether it is your motion sensing mines, or your c-4, which you can plant almost anywhere (if you are really careful, you can even plant it on the back of guards, and detonate!), there are also many automatic, and semi-automatic to make the game more fun. You can blow away a bad guy with a missle launcher, or you can quietly sneak up and use your sniper rifle to take them out. Anyway you fight, this game is definately a fun and exciting adventure, a definate must!
This is one of the most near-perfect games I have ever played. The story is like a movie, the boss fights do not suck, the way you progress through the campaign is kind of like zelda and metroid which is cool. Get this if you love action games, movies, or just games in general.
I had never heard of this game until I purchased a copy of Zone of Enders for the PS2.  And after doing some reading about the game on the internet and playing the Metal Gear Solid: Sons of Liberty demo, I decided to check out the PS1 Metal Gear game.  To simply put it, this game is the best game I have played to date.  I found this game to be much better than Oni for the PS2 in fact.  The puzzle and bosses on this game were very different and possessed depth of character.  Some parts of the game were frustrating particularly fighting Metal Gear Rex at the end of th game, also the torture scene was pretty hard too.  But I can't wait to see Metal Gear Solid: Sons of Liberty come out this year.  I know it will be one of the best and highest selling games of all time regardless of the videogame platform.  This is definitely an innovative and original game that sets new standards for others of this type.  Buy it and you will see what I am talking about.
This was my first video game that I ever played as kid even before Mario lol.  This game was something out of the movies for me, and it set a high standar for all video games for ps1 for me.  I can only count the fingers on my hand of how many games that can give this game a run for best game on the ps1.Pros1.  Everything on this game is a top notch.  The graphics of it's time were superb.  The story telling was excellent.  The enemies were plentiful, and the combat was awesome.  There was plenty of boss fights that I loved, if you read my other reviews you would know that.  Multiple of goodies were added on after you beat the game, so I don't know where you can go wrong with this game.Cons1. This game is perfect. Period.This game was the reason why I play video games because I trying to find gems out there like this one, but it's hard to find a diamond among coal sometimes I guess.
The cons for this game under description products stating that : Puzzles can be frustrating and that torture scene too intense for younger gamers. To me this was stupid. Most of the easy games can be boring. This game gets you be involved in the story and it's very easy too follow if you are a serious gamer. Also, mature games are supposed to be harder than kid's games. The puzzles are not that frustrating if you can think maturely (even kids can pass this game with any problem). About "Torture scene too intense for younger gamers", I think there is a reason why they labeled this game Mature. Mature games are not for kids. This game is one of the best I've ever played. Great Story, Great Collection.
I got this game a few years ago and was unsure of it for a while.  For me, the controls where kind of hard to figure out since I only had a few other games at the time.  I also thought it was hard in general.But then I figured out all the controls, and once I figured out what I was doing, I loved it.The main character who you play as is Solid Snake from the old Nintendo games: Metal Gear and Metal Gear 2.  (Metal Gear Solid and Metal Gear Solid 2 are not re-makes of them)Solid Snake is a tough, ruthless guy who isn't afrid to take someone down.  Your arch-nemises is Liquid Snake along with his main henchmen: Revolver Ocelot, Sniper Wolf, Raven, and Psycho Mantis.You can keep in touch with other characters who help you throughout the game on a &quot;codec&quot;.  Two characters that are actually at your side during the game are Meyrl and Otocan.Anyway, the plot is very detailed and there was obviously a lot of thought put into it.The graphics aren't that great now, but at the time I bought it I thought they where pretty good.  But it was made a few years ago, so of course the graphics were not as good then.If you had a Nintendo and owned Metal Gear and or Metal Gear 2, I highly recomend playing this.
Ah yes, the legendary Metal Gear Solid series. It was originally a classic on the MSX2 computer in Japan, but the series became really good when it debuted on the PlayStation. Developed and published by Konami with Hideo Kojima being the director and producer, this was the first game in the series to become very popular. The games ground breaking graphics, addicting gameplay, challenging stealth action and its amazing storyline heavily influenced games that would later produce well detailed story lines. It was originally released on PlayStation, but would be re-released on the PlayStation Store as a PS One Classic, a remake on the GameCube and there was even a port on Game Boy Color which apparently got good reviews (I find that hard to believe, I&#8217;ll have to check that out some day).The storyline is the most complex and most detailed of any video game that was released at that point. There are tons of cut scenes, character dialogues and we didn&#8217;t see a game like this back then. The story takes place in 2005, about six years after the events of Metal Gear 2: Solid Snake and 10 years after the events of the first Metal Gear. A genetically enhanced Special Forces unit called FOXHOUND has invaded a nuclear weapons disposal facility on Shadow Moses island in Alaska&#8217;s Fox Archipelago. The forces demand that the U.S. government turn over the remains of Big Boss within 24 hours or they will launch a nuclear weapon. Big Boss was the main antagonist in the first two Metal Gear games who is one of the greatest soldiers who ever lived. The terrorists want the body so they can take his genes and put them inside the soldiers so they can become an army of super soldiers and take over the world. The main hero Solid Snake is forced out of retirement and is sent to go to the island and stop the threat. I won&#8217;t say anything else about the story because my reviews are always spoiler free, you have to play the game to see it for yourself.Like with Super Mario 64 and The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time on Nintendo 64, Metal Gear Solid was making a leap into the third dimension and the graphics for their time were very well detailed and the game has aged pretty well. Details such as seeing the characters breath in the cold, very high draw distance, seeing smoke from cigarettes or footprints in the snow is all in this game. The gameplay is very similar to the 2D Metal Gear games on the MSX2 computer. The game is all about sneaking by without detection rather than a straight on shooter, but there are moments where you do go in all guns blazing, but it&#8217;s mostly a sneaking mission because going in guns blazing makes the game much harder. I like stealth games like this because it makes us cautious and can even be scary at times because everything is quiet and suddenly a security camera or guard spots you, the alarm goes off and you&#8217;re slightly startled and have to hide and hope they don&#8217;t find you.The most innovative feature in the game is the radar which shows the terrain and your enemy&#8217;s field of vision. It&#8217;s very useful and you&#8217;ll see yourself looking at it all the time. But in some areas, the radar gets jammed and you won&#8217;t be able to use the radar if you are spotted so you shouldn&#8217;t get too used to it. Ways to get by undetected include crawling under objects, hiding in boxes, hiding behind walls and making noise to distract the enemy. The game also includes many gadgets and items such as infra-red goggles, night vision goggles, mine detectors, rations, binoculars, the famous cardboard box and&#8230;cigarettes?The weapons include hand to hand, you can choke your enemies to death, use a standard pistol with a silencer, grenades, C4, machine gun, proximity mines, a remote controlled missile launcher, a sniper rifle and even a Stinger missile launcher which uses heat seekers to follow your target.The boss battles are very epic and every one of them has a strategy to defeat and it&#8217;s always best to use your radio to contact your support crew for tips on how to defeat them. The radio is also used to provide info about the games back story and even the controls.The game also features a training mode called VR Mode where you can practice hiding techniques, weapon use and sneaking. This is one of the best games on the original PlayStation and the only flaw I see with this game is that you can&#8217;t aim in first person view mode which can make it difficult to shoot some of the enemies. But other than that, the game is practically flawless, it has great graphics, is challenging and one of the most detailed story lines of all time. It is simply a masterpiece and a must play for any kind of gamer.FINAL RATING: 10 out of 10.
When I heard there was to be a Metal Gear game released on the Playstation, I was happy.  I had been a long time fan of the series from the very first game on the NES and even through the crappy Snake's Revenge.  I didn't know if that next generation of gamers would know anything about the series, but I was hoping for a good game.  My expectations were surpassed beyond anything I could have hoped for.  Not only was Metal Gear Solid a good game, it was a great game.  Metal Gear Solid is one of the best games (if not the best game) on the Playstation and it should take its place as one of the top games of all time.While previous Metal Gear games had suggested that stealth was the way to go, and other games had used the concept, I had never seen stealth developed as well as it was in Metal Gear Solid.  It was not only a good idea, it was the only way to go.  You needed to avoid enemies (as best you could) to be able to make it through the game.  When you killed an enemy, you had to do it in a way that nobody saw you or heard you.  Metal Gear Solid is called a Tactical Espionage game, and it means just that.  You are a spy and spies should not be seen or heard.Like the other Metal Gear games, you play as Solid Snake (now the legendary Solid Snake).  It is your mission to infiltrate the Shadow Moses Island in Alaska, rescue a hostage and see what is going on.  From the moment that you begin the game, what you know is being tested and your place in the story is being escalated quickly.  You are handed a lot of information about the plot and the reasons behind everything.  This game has some very memorable scenes and memorable enemies.  Overall, this is one of the best games on the system and I would recommend it to anybody.
I will keep this short, but if you do not buy this game or play this game before you die, you will simply just have missed on the best game that have ever been created. An'thats That!!!!
metal gear solid creator Hideo Kojima is truly a genious in knowing how to wow people.  the first time i saw this game was on a demo disc and it was in Japanese, which is always cool, and after just watching the into movie, i could tell that this was unlike any other game i have ever played.everything, while outdated in looks, is so realistic.  which is maybe why i liked this title so much.  that, and the characters are freaking amazing.  Solid Snake is my hero, and i wish he were a real person so i could meet him and get a picture of him a cardboard box.  this is another reason why i like the game and the rest of the series, the humor.  while funny, most of it still has a point. sure, it's funny to see a guy sneaking around under a box, but it's also very stealthy and strategic.  as long as you don't move while the enemy is watching, you're good to go.  using the box is like an ongoing game of red light green light.  except in this game you can pop out and break the guy's neck.  also, knocking on walls is sometimes funny, but all the time useful.  knock on a wall to lure an enemy into a mine you secretly placed near a truck.  there are countless ways to enjoy dispatching your enemies, even without the use of weapons.  leading them around circles with your footprints in the snow is also humorous.but enough about the comedy, and onto the meat of the game.  the story. while not all convoluted (see also:  metal gear solid: sons of liberty.), the story still maintains a good conspiracy type theme involving the government and a rebel group of terrorists known as Foxhound.the members of Foxhound are some of the most memorable in videogame history.  the first, Revolver Ocelot, a gunsling, six-shooting Soviet that sadly loses a hand during an encounter earlier on in the game.  Vulcan Raven, a giant and shaman, he wields a gigantic gatling gun and resides in a warehouse freezer where he talks to his fellow ravens.  Sniper Wolf, a sleek and sexy, well, sniper, that has a reputation for always getting her target.  Psycho Mantis, a war guinea pig and avid gas mask wearer that also has psychic and telekenetic abilities.  the leader of them all is Liquid Snake, Solid Snake's "brother".  he's pretty much just an arrogant, powerhungry jerk hell bent on world domination/ a good end boss to really get the urge to kill.  other key players include:  the legendary Gray Fox/the ninja/one of the coolest freakin' creations in all of videogame history.  his optic camo and razor sharp katana (a gun later in the game) are just too cool.  He slices up enemies like they're butter and looks cool as hell doing so.  he is by far, next to solid snake, the coolest character ever imagined.  but they wouldn't be nearly as cool if it weren't for the story behind it all, which i'm not going to get into, you'll have to buy the game if you want to know more about it.  there is also a woman in the game named Meryl, who is an army brat and snake's love interest, kinda.there is also a VR training mission part to the game.  it is quite fun, especially if you have a very competitive relationship with a friend or family member that likes games.  you can easily lose hours tryin to shave off a tenth of a second off your opponents time.  my friend and i would spend entire days just playing the VR missions.  after we couldn't beat each other anymore, we called it a tie.  there is a "technical wizard" you can watch go through all the various stages to give you a better idea of how you can get the best possible time.  but if you are anywhere near as good as my friend and i got at the stages, this techinical wizard will look extremely slow and stupid.  man...those where the good old days.  and the greatest thing is, you don't unlock a damn thing for beating any of the missions, just more variants of the same, like doing them with weapons, stealth, cardboard box...oh well, it's still a great distraction.  and it's way better than the VR missions game that game out, but in that you get to be Gray Fox for a couple missions, which is amazing.  cloaking and slicing people to ribbons, sign me up!the cinematics in this game, even by today's standards, are some of the most well crafted to date.  enemies are all introduced in an impressive manner and even scenes of pure information and dialogue are fun to watch (at least the first time).  the voice acting is superb and the whole thing comes off as something of movie-quality work.  this game isn't a classic for no reason.  check it out and you'll understand why.  and if you can't stand the blocky graphics of the psone, get the re-vamped Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes, for the gamecube.  it's the same tale, with some minor added and changed stuff, but nothing major.  either way, it's well worth you money, and so cheap for such a masterpiece.  no one should be without a copy of this game.
I love metal gear solid i own metal gear 2 and 3 on the H.D. collection for my xbox360 and metal gear 4 to play on my ps3. metal gear solid 1 I also play on my ps3 it is amazing I had a few problems with the camera but that's only because im used to metal gears 2,3,and 4 but that's more of a personal problem if anything the game is just great in it's story telling and game play a thing the metal gear has always done right. The voice acting is amazing and this game was made in 1998. The graphics well I never really like talking about old games graphics because I don't know if that was good for back then or not but I would guess it was pretty amazing. The presentation is also very impressive right as you start out you will play as Solid Snake! Who doesn't like snake? You can read the story from the previous games in the extras or something like that although I didn't always like this game because I wasn't that good at it but again that's a personal problem.  truthfully it took metal gear solid 2 and 3 to make me a fan. Then after almost beating metal gear 4 I came back to this. It was a lot more fun after becoming used to it and kicking butt. Anyway I'm having a lot of fun with this game I reccomend it if you like a Sci-Fi story or if you like stealth games If you like either of these buy Metal Gear Solid 1 and see if you like it then if you do buy 2,3,and 4 because those games and this one are all MUST BUYS!
I don't want to drown you with hoopla, so I'll just tell you that my wife really isn't into games. She really isn't, and I'm not going to say that Metal Gear got her to grab the controller all of a sudden because it didn't. What it DID do is hold her attention indefinitely. For the first time ever, she actually encouraged me to play, play, play. The storyline, action, yada, yada, yada is that good. Really. I'm surprised a Metal Gear Movie isn't in theatres yet.
This is my best game. If you looked at my Resident Evil 3 review youll see why this is the best. But this game has everything i ever imaganed. Good Graphics, Cool weapons, a man with courage, and some lovely ladies... lol just kidding. But your snake a official that worked for fox hound and you have been chased by roy camball so he can brief you on your mission that you well refuse to do. So he tells you to rescue some people and than start your mission. You will run into alot of people and lots of calls on your codec. One of your friends though is your deadly brother.... I wont give his name away. But this game has over 10 weapons and over 29 different items. You get to spy on people and surprise them by killing them. Youll want to play this game agian and agian. Its the best game for the playstation game console.
This game is probably one of the top 3 games ever.  I personally rank it #1 and GoldenEye as #3.  The reason this game is so awsome is because of it's movie like qualities.  For a maximum impact, you should play this game in long stretches with as few distractions as possible.  This will litterely put you inside the movie.  The plot is just awsome, and it gets better as it goes along.  It took my about a year to beat the game, and a total of about 50 hours of gameplay.  I did stop playing it for about 6 months win I got stuck on a level, then stopped for another month when I got stuck on the last couple of levels.  I still think they should make a movie series of this game.  Overall, I think I would pay about ... if I needed to to get this game.
First of all, Im a goldeneye fan, and I thought nobody can do it like James Bond, but even playing it for only 3 hours, Solid Snake can really hold it down. There is alot of pure action and drama, and in parts, its like you are playing in the movie. The sound effects and graphics are excellent, and I like the red laser on the guns and the radar. Solid Snake has more gadgets and better moves than Bond. When you think about it, the overhead cam does help you see around corners The controls feel awkward at first, but you learn quickly. Overall, This game is the Goldeneye of the PS and get it now!!
I'm going to start by saying that I only got this and the other two games because I was so confused in MGS4. But I'm so glad I got this. It is definitaly one of the best games and one of the best games I've played. Everything about it is superb. The boss battles, the story, the characters, everything. (Though the dialouge can be a bit cheesy). The only thing I have to say against this game is the camera angle and graphics. I've been used to playing PS3 games with their amazing graphics, so when I saw this it came as a bit of a shock. I've played other PS1 games around the same year with better graphics, so I'm a bit surprised with how bad this games graphics were. But by no means does it take away from the experience of the game.The camera angle, on the other hand, took away from the experience, only if a tiny bit. It gets realy annoying when you enter another section of a room and the camera jumps to another angle, when all you want to do is control it and move where you want it to.But one thing I really loved about this game is how much you care for the characters. I found myself trying to get through the infuriating torture scene when you have to hammer the O button unfairly fast just to save Meryl. *SPOILER* I've also played the ending where you find Meryl dead, and it's just really upseting. I never care so much about game charceters. *SPOILER*So overall, this game is great in every way and I'd recommend it to anyone who loves stealth/action games.
I saw the word greatest hits and I was ashamed. Why do they always ruin every game box with that stupid green bar on the left telling people its a greatest hits. Mabye they will make more money, wrong...Anyways, the actual game is my 2nd favorite of all time. Not easy to get onto my list but this game does it. I was playing Metal Gear Solid 2 the other day and realized that it can never compare with what this game has achieved.You are Snake, the operative who must go in a nuclear testing facility held by terrorists. Snake goes in by stealth, and must fight numerous villians. All the villians in this game are extremely well done with voice acting and great personalitys. I can't find big complaints at all with the game.The game is so good that they are making the remake for Game Cube, and possibly other systems. Metal Gear Solid: Twin Snakes. Anyways, the game has music that probably for me basically tops final fantasy 7, just because it is original and fits the mood perfectly. Every character has perfect voice and personalitys, so the voice acting never gets old. I've played the game like 8 times, and I loved it every minute.The bad point is the backtracking, but it is really short and is always for a reason. You backtrack usually with a goal in mind. And you will usually backtrack like a mofo on halloween. Meaning really fast to get your candy. And every time you do it(like 3 times in the game) you will get to listen to juicy codec calls that unravel more story bits and liven it up.I love calling Cambell(who is a great character) on the codec to see what he has to say. It always seems to be different and intellectual. He can also give you hints, and the other characters on your codec play major roles.The best part about this game is the story. Honestly, RPG's have the best storys, but this game can top almost any rpg in story. We learn about 2 snakes, and how they believe things. Liquid Snake.... he talks about being a flawed snake and such, and whenever he talks it's always interesting to the point where I want to hear it every game.With story comes philosophy. This isn't the matrix where we have a man called morpheous talk about philosophy in some crazy underground rave. This is Solid Snake and others being honest. Solid Snake has some of the best views on life. He's like a rebel without a cause. His lines are thought provoking and are probably things that someone could base their life off of. Live life is probably the best message he tells and can give, and this philosophy is rare in video games today.The fighting is cool, and bosses offer challenges and fun. I would reccomend this game to anyone. You will get your moneys worth from this game, and I hope you enjoy it. But one more thing, lets not forget what you must do. Buy the game for playstation not computer. On computer they like changed the skins around or so ive seen in screenshots. Solid Snake looks alot younger, and alot less vigilante like and stuff. Get it on playstation to truly expierience it.
Metal Gear Solid in my opinion has to be one of the best games I've ever played. This game definately opened alot of door to games as we know them today. This game did to stealth/ action games the same as of what Final Fantasy did to RPG games. Some of the puzzles and a few of the main bosses were pretty tough but everyone should like a challenge and you'll get that with this. Still a great game for it's age and definately worth checking out.
I didn't buy the MGS HD Collection because this was not included.How can that be?  MGS1 was the best MGS game ever.  GREAT Stories, Game play !Konami, how can you not include MGS1 in the HD Collection?WHYYYYYY !
Metal Gear Solid has all of the elements of a great thriller film.  A twisting plot, incredible voice acting and directing, and interesting characters.From the very beginning gameplay is bliss.  The control is spot-on.  Simple to learn, fun to play.  The Dual Shock controller is taken full advantage of as well.  (Wait until you feel the helicopter taking off, and then wait for Psycho Mantis to prove to you he can make objects move.)The game eases you into it, and gives you a solid twelve to fifteen hours of gameplay the first time through.  But you won't want it to end.  I guarantee it.  If you haven't bought it already, buy it now.  This game would be a bargain at $100.
MGS is the best action game ever made.  Cool weapons, a compelling story, great graphics for it's time, and some top notch voice acting make this a classic that everyone should own.  If you don't own Metal Gear Solid you can't call yourself a gamer.
Metal Gear Solid is the best videogame ever made.  Let me explain myself:It's a third person action/adventure game, that requires you to utilize stealth to survive.  As Solid Snake, a lone warrior, you have to single-handedly infiltrate Shadow Moses Island, a base recently taken over by terrorists to develop a nuclear capable walking robot, codenamed Metal Gear Rex.  Your job is to make sure Rex never launches by any means necessary.It sounds like a typical third person action game, but there's so much more to this game.First off, the plot is flawless.  Hands down the most intricate, well thought out, and moving plot I've seen in any thriller movie ever made.Your main enemy, the enemy most commonly seen in the game, is the Genome soldier.  The Genome soldier is a member of a genetically engineered army.  If you stay out of sight, you'll never have to have a physical encounter with one of these guys.However, the boss fights cannot be avoided, and thus, it's a darn good thing they're so enjoyable.  Bosses range from normal human beings with dreams of revenge to individuals with slightly supernatural powers, which adds an interesting twist to the game.  Every boss is fighting for their own perosnal reasons, and their own motives.The game will take roughly twelve hours to complete the first run through without a strategy guide.  I advise you to listen to all the Codec conversations and watch all the cinematics because this is where the game truly shines.  It's story.  With six times the lenght of the average Hollywood thriller, the story is developed much more, and the characters are fleshed out far better than in any film I can think of.This game has my highest recommendation.
This game felt like a movie when I first played it years ago.  It does make a case for one of the best video games of all time.  The acting, voice acting, combat, STEALTH, story, cut scenes are truly amazing.  Very cinematic feel to the whole game..  Revolutionized gaming considering it came out over a decade ago.
Well,I just recently got into the world of Metal Gear Solid (Started with 2 and played 1 last haha!) But have always respected MGS as one of the best games on the PS1,and now I know why!MGS is all about sneaking around,if you get caught its better to use a stun grenade and run in the earlier parts of the game cause you will die fast!The learning curve isn't too bad,The first boss can be a bit hard,but after that its smooth sailing till near the end.Graphics are nothing to write home about today,but back in 1998 it was cutting edge (like today's MGS 4) But if your reading reviews then you know what to expect...With that said this by far has the best ending out of the 4 of them (MGS4 comes really close) Story wise this is also the best of them (ALL 4 have a good story in there own right) If you haven't picked this up yet or find the price to be too high for an older game get the MGS:Essential Collection,you get the first 3 MGS's for $30,but act quick as they do tend to sell out rather fast!!
The 2nd installment in the series that debatably started it all. Memorable moments and stealth-action are found when playing this gem.
MGS is one of the best psx games ever made.The story is great and uniqe and hasSuperb voice acting filled with great and detailed cut scenes.I got this game the time it came out and yeah its a little to late to be reviewing this game but what the hell.  Metal gear solid is about solid snake who is trying to infaltrate a terrorist base holding a new type of nuklear warheads.  METAL GEAR REX.  Snake soon finds moor enemies and Allies as this amazing progresses through.  I personaly loved every character.My most favorite was Raven.  The game is dramatic to the max.But not as dramatic as sons of liberty.  Meryl was an awsome character too.  Snake has feelings for her but he wont admit it and more complications occur.  The game is one of the best games I have ever experienced in my gaming time.  The BOSS battles were awsome.The game is one of those games youll remember experiencing and the first time is the best.  The characters are all great and the voice acting is not even close to bad.  I wont spoil anymore for you but I also recomend getting TWIN SNAKES.I got that game the day it came out and it did not dissapointeven though I found some stuff to be better in the original than TWIN SNAKES.  For example: The final conflict between Snake and Ninja/gray fox wasnt as sad as I thought it would be in twin snakes.  The speech was more moving in the original.  But over all this game is great.  And Like I said may be the greatest adventure game ever made.
Metal Gear Solid can be said in three words.  Brilliant,Amazing, FUN!  Metal Gear Solid is one of Hideo Kojimas finest.  It has a very superb plot, Superb characters and lots of great dialoug.  Metal Gear Solid was a very hyped up game in 98' and lived up to the hype.  I simply loved this game.  Metal Gear Solid has bin called by man fans and gamesites as one of the best PS1 Action games.  I totally agree and I think it's not only the best Action game but also One of the best games ever created.  It has a brilliant story line which I won't bring up since You can find time to read other reviewers since they pretty much tell you.  The game is a stealth game.  It pretty old Stealth game Acctually, the game is about 7-8 years old.  I was one of many Fans to buy this amazing game when it first hit stores.  Metal Gear Solid earns its 5 for these things.  Story, Gameplay and Villans.  The villans in this game are awesome.  From the moment you get to the Ocelot fight to getting your hands on Rex You will love this game.  Metal Gear solid Has bin one of the most Popular Playstation games and has spawned sequals(ala MGS2 and now Mgs3)  And what makes Metal Gear Solid one of the best games is also the fact that Metal Gear Solid has one of the best Storylines in a game.  Sure there are some plot holes in the series but Kojima did that for us(the fans) to make our on Theories and to guess and what not once the next one comes out.  If you've had a Playstation for a loooong time and don't have Metal Gear Solid in your PS library Then I donno what the hell is wrong with you.Metal Gear solid Sums up to these thingsBest Story line in a gameSome of the best Graphics scene on the PS1(yes it's extreamly out dated but I still love the graphics in this game as it was the best in it's time)Great Stealth actionAmazing Level desighnMy favorite....The boss battles(just awesome especially the finale with Rex)Good Replay value..ConsNOTHING....well I guess I should point out that this is a pretty short game.  The first time through for me(since I looked around alot)will be maybe 8-10 hours second time through should take 5 hours or less.  But that doesn't ruin the game at allThis game is a masterpiece, everything about it is amazing and it's even better then the remake(I thought it was)It all comes down to Metal Gear Solid as one of the best Ps games ever and it totaly earns its...5 out of 5 stars....SuperbLates...
In light of PS3 releasing an update that will allow upscaling of PS1 and PS2 games to 1080p, I feel compelled to revisit some of the games that made me a solid sony fan. MGS is one of those games that comes along once every console, where the developers, producers and screen writers all seem to be on the same page, and create a master-piece. This game was revolutionary, in the sense that it focused more on the concept of espionage, rather than the usual "run n gun." I played this game back in 1998, when it was first released, and have been following the game ever since. This game made my jaw drop with the graphics it pushed out of the ps1, and the storyline is amazing. Theres love, hate, plot twists, dual endings and so much more that combine to make this game great. One thing I remember is the battle with Psycho Mantis; (a crazy military psychic)who knew every move you were going to do before you did it. At one point he tells you to "put the controller down to see his true power" and with a hardy yell, my controller vibrated right off the coffee table! Of course it was the rumble feature, but how unique is that? We were all tripped out on the greatness of this game, and the intelligence put into the storyline. This game is by far the best game on the ps1, and if you havent played it yet, now its not too late. Get it, play it, and then buy the others for the PS2, Metal Gear -Sons of Liberty and Metal Gear- Snake Eater. If you got a PS3 be on the look out for Guns of the Patriots coming out on March 1 2008, its going to be amazing.
It had been years since I've played this game, I don't really care for shooter games much, but I like this one and this is probably the best metal gear solid I ever had the oportunity to ever play (I played a demo of the one that involves a jungle, snake eater I think, I didn't care for it) I forgot how unique this game was in getting the player involved. I have not beat this game yet since I got my recent copy, I had to take a break, but overall if your not a whiny cry baby about details in graphics this is a fantasic game.
This game is a total classic in every way. The plot, the gameplay, the characters...everything!
"Metal Gear Solid" will go down in history as the best Playstation game AND one of the best overall video games ever.This is without a doubt the best game in the series.This Playstation classic had everything that was needed to make an excellent video game.Great story,Intresting characters,Awesome gameplay,Wonderful music score...everything about "Metal Gear Solid" was perfect.Solid Snake is now considered an icon thanks to this fantastic game.EVERY gamer needs to have this game in their collection.
The story of the game with it accompanying video sequwnces make the gamer feel as though they are almost playing a movie.  THis is just one of the great elements of Metal Gear Solid.  Another thing that makes this game unique is that instead of just running around and shooting every enemy that comes your way, you instead must rely on stealth if you're to be successful.  Finally, the most rewarding aspect of this game is it's near perfect gameplay, which is about as faultless as a game can get.  THis is one of the must have games for Playstation.
We all know this game is awesome and why.but for new people to MGS series, you NEED to play this one. its so good.soooooooooooo goooooooooooooodeven though MGS3 is my favorite...also the shipping was quick... YEAH.
Metal Gear Solid is by far the best PS1 game ever created. Here's the story: You are Solid Snake, a secret agent brought out of retirement by your former boss Roy Campbell, to infiltrate a nuclear weapons disposal facility that has been taken over by a hostile group of terrorists and former members of a secret organization called FOXHOUND. Your primary objective is to resuce the DARPA Chief, Donald Anderson and the Arms-Tech President, Kenneth Baker. Upon learning of the terrorist's plans to use a new nuclear weapon capable of mass destruction, Snake must use his cunning and his stealth manuevering to outsmart his enemy and destroy the ultimate weapon: METAL GEAR. With an awesome array of weapons like the SOCOM pistol, the FA-MAS machine gun, the STINGER missle launcher, and the NIKITA rocket launcher, Snake must single-handedly infiltrate the heavily guarded weapons facility and find out about the criminal mastermind behind this plot. Snake will also learn about his dark history which will prove that the criminal behind this plot is more than a match for snake. Or is he?Bottom Line: METAL GEAR SOLID rocks.
I remember as an 8-year-old having the MGS demo that came with the PlayStation my parents got me. I remember spending hours running around the heliport and gunning down enemies. Later on, I rented this game once, but only got so far before frustration overtook me (I got to the level with Vulcan Raven in a tank). Now, ten years later, I manage to get my hands on a used copy here at Amazon (I spent about $12.00+4.00 S&H;). All I can say is that it's more than worth every penny I spent.Story: Truly exquisite. You play as Solid Snake (who is perhaps one of the most famous PlayStation game characters if not one of the most famous game characters of all time), who is sent to Shadow Moses Island in Alaska to neutralize a terrorist threat (pretty standard action movie stuff). But, the story will continue to throw various plot twists that may seem random at first, but add up in the end (I'm avoiding the main plot elements just so I don't spoil it for anyone who hasn't played the game yet). 10/10.Graphics: For its time, this game had amazing graphics. The only PS1 games I can think of that had better graphics than this game would be the Syphon Filter series. 9/10.Sound: Crisp sound effects (for it's time), wonderfully composed musical score, and outstanding voice acting (David Hayter was especially good). 9.3/10.Gameplay: I have played through many games since my first experience with MGS 10 years ago (I've played through roughly 200 games throughout my lifetime. Yeah, I know, I'm a loser with no life), and this game still captivates me. If a game made a decade ago still manages to provide engaging gameplay after all these many years, that is a fantastic accomplishment. 10/10.But, most importantly, this game delivers a few good messages. Examples would include the threat nuclear warfare possesses on the world as well as the meaning of life. Sadly, most gamers do not take these messages in and just sees MGS as simply a game. MGS is more than a game, it is perhaps the first game to ever attempt a movie-like feel and succeed. I hope this game, as well as its creators (Konami, Hideo Kojima, and Yoji Shinkawa) will go down in history as important figures in the gaming industry.All I can say is that this game deserves at least 9.0/10 overall. With that said, I cannot understand why Jeff Gerstmann decided to give it a score lower than that. I consider this one of the best games I've ever played, and is even better than some of the newer games I've played (Gears of War and CoD4 have nothing on this game). This game is even better than MGS2 (even though MGS2 is a fantastic game in its own right, I give MGS2 a 9.6/10), and I'm currently looking forward to playing MGS3 (I'm planning to get a PS2 soon. The only systems I currently own are a PlayStation 1 and a high-end PC). MGS1 is 10 hours of pure gaming bliss!My only regret is not playing through this game earlier in life.Overall score: 9.8/10I will now summarize this review into 5 words: You MUST play this game!
A masterpiece from Hideo Kojima. The story, and each of the bosses are ones of the best in video game's history. Gameplay is a mix of stealth and action. Probably won't have a wow factor like it used to 15 years ago, but this is a game that shaped video game industry! Get it! You will love it.
Until now I've never played a lot of the PS1 classics. I can safely say though, that this game is awesome. No matter how many times I accidentally walk into a surveillance camera, I still have a lot of fun sneaking around and hiding.
What can be said about this masterpiece?  This game is utterly amazing in every aspect.  The plot is full of so many details.  It relates to things that we know about.  Not everything is just hoopla made up by the game designers.  The action and the thinking parts of the game are superbly balanced.  You're not just running around, fighting people.  There's parts were you have to be stealthy, part's were you have to think.  Man, this is just a milestone in video game history.  And wouldn't you like to partake of the sweetness that is Metal Gear Solid?  I assume your answer was yes, and the only way to do partake of it is to buy it.  So do it.
Hideo Kojima's "Metal Gear Solid" (1998) is like a great classic film that has now become required viewing for movie buffs - this is required playing for gaming enthusiasts. It stars Solid Snake, a weary, gruff veteran of the battlefield with a deep, gravelly voice, who always keeps a pack of cigarettes handy just in case. His mission is to infiltrate a nuclear weapons facility on an island off the coast of Alaska, code-named "Shadow Moses," which is currently being occupied by the ex-black ops unit turned terrorist group known as "Foxhound." It's not immediately apparent what the group's ultimate goal is, and in fact one of the great pleasures of "MGS" is the way in which the story slowly unravels. Many of the characters have secrets and motivations of their own, some of which wisely go unexplained (what's Ocelot really up to?). As a game made on PS1 hardware, the gameplay holds up considerably well for its time. It's played from a third-person top-down perspective. You can equip different gear (rations, binoculars) on the lower left of the screen and weapons (guns, explosives) on the lower right. Stealth plays a big role as you constantly try to avoid alerting the patrolling guards. The best gameplay sequences involve the unique boss battles with the members of "Foxhound." These sections are fun because no boss or battle is alike, and each character that you duel feels wholly original. The main draw and what makes this game, and the series, so special is the masterful storytelling that grabs ahold of you and doesn't let go. It's the stellar voice cast, including David Hayter as Snake, the ingenious plot, the phenomenal soundtrack and atmosphere - it's the meticulously crafted world that you can't help being completely absorbed in.--- 5 STARS ---.
I decided just out of curiosity to check out the reviews of people who gave this game 1 and 2 stars. They all said the same thing, and I agreed with some of it. I'll be the first to admit that Metal Gear Solid is short. Skipping cut scenes, I can be the game in about 2 and a half hours now. I'll also admit that the graphics are dated, however for their time they were amazing! Sure, I'll even admit that some of the dialogue was cheesy.But I will never agree that the plotline of Metal Gear Solid is stupid, slow, or senseless. As a matter of fact, I don't think there is a better story. Of all the movies I've watched, books I've read, and games I've played, I've never expierienced anything like Metal Gear Solid's storyline. Twists, turns, shocks, and surprises are all through it. Sure, there is a lot of watching, but it's worth it in my humble opinion.For those of you who for some reason are unaware, Metal Gear Solid is about a "hero" named Solid Snake. He is sent in (despite retirement) to rescue two people from a nuclear disposal facility on an island called Shadow Moses. The place is under control by the group Snake used to work for, FOXHOUND. Leading this rag-tag bunch of freaks is Liquid Snake, a man with the exact same face as Solid.But Liquid is not alone. Psycho Mantis is one of the game's most intriguing bosses. He is a telekenetic with a love for throwing furniture with his mind. The battle with him actually requires you to change your controller to another port so he can't dodge your bullets. Sniper Wolf is a beautiful but deadly assassin who's target becomes her obsession once she marks it. Vulcan Raven is a giant Shaman who loves heavy weaponry and can survive freezing temperatures with no problem. And then, there is Revolver. Good old Ocelot makes sure to cause you all kinds of trouble throughout the course of the game, including torturing you with electro-shock! And how could I forget Ninja? Although this mysterious villain is not with Liquid, he seems determined to slice and dice you! Oh yeah, and Decoy Octopus. But you won't know much about him until it's too late.But you aren't alone. There are two people who are physcially there for you. One is Meryl, a red-headed babe who just so happens to be your colonel's neice. Then there is Hal Emmerich, also known as Otacon. This geeky hacker gets you out of a ton of sticky situations in this game. Even though they aren't actually there, the people you contact by Codec help you out bunches. The colonel, despite being quite shady, gives you a plethora of tips to get you out of bad spots. Mei Ling, a cute little Chinese girl, saves your game and fills your mind with interesting proverbs. "Master" McMiller is an interesting old friends of Snake's who knows a lot of about the Alaskan wildlife and wilderness. Then there is Deepthroat. This guy is quite mysterious, but very helpful. Oh, and Naomi. This sexy and sophisticated scientist is the reason for the technology that is keeping you warm in the cold climate of Alaska.The things I've mentioned don't even scratch the surface of MGS's story, characters, and twists. Don't trust anybody. That is my best advice.Gameplay? Amazing. You'll get use to the layout of the controls very quickly. Soon, you'll be quick reloding and popping around corners like a pro. You can shimmy walls, knock on them to distract guards, come up behind a guard and choke them until they pass out or just snap their neck. What about A.I? It isn't terrible. On Easy it's a joke. However the guards can see your footprints in the snow, and track you. They can also hear your footsteps on certain kind of terrain, and when they group up it can be scary.It can make you laugh, cry, or piss your pants. Listen to naysayers if you please, but listen to me more! You cannot go wrong with Metal Gear Solid, unless you aren't an action gamer. It has lots of cinematics, old school graphics, and some cheesy dialouge...but those faults don't overshadow the amazing characters, storyline, and gameplay. The game is super cheap used now...so go buy it. Thank you for reading this also.
Got this game to add to my small N64 collection. Game is great and has lots of replay value. The multiplayer mode is megafun, especially when you whack your friend in the head with a tire iron.
Road Rash 64, the continuance of the very popular biker, beat em up game of the early 90's is a very good game. I will admit that the graphics are sub par. They're not as textured and vibrant as the Playstation version (even with the Expansion Pack) but this is all about the game play.It's your basic racing game but you get to beat upthose road hogs and sunday bikers. Don't you wish you could do that during rush hour? Along the way you get some pretty cool weapons like a chain, nunchucks, a kendo stick and a pipe wrench. Very cool and makes the game that much more fun.The game unfortunately goes a little too fast but it's still worth it. I'd pick this one up because if there were any really good combat racing games, this was one of the good ones.
This game is awsome,,, Unfornitly for me I lost it I dont know wear but anywayMultiplayer could provide a hour of good fun with 3 friendsYou can Free play for pratice and even do compatationand there is a cool selection of bikersits also funny like when yu get last place you win,,,, like a stick of gum,soap,and even caffine-free soda.I suggest buying it.
This game is addictive, and fun as hell to play!  THQ and JAKKS pulled out all stops when Wrestlmania was released!  Create and bet WWF championship belts with your friends.  Tons of game modes, including cage match, road to Wrestlemania, Create-A-PPV, Royal Rumble, Triple Threat, Hardcore, First Blood Matches, Lumber Jack Matches, Singles, Tag Team,etc.  Create-A-Wrestler with custom moves, Costumes, and fighting styles.  WWF entrances complete with Titantron and theme music, thousands of singnature moves, taunts and mannerisms.  Over 50 of the top WWF superstars, and much much more!
It's a shame THQ didn't allow AKI to develop there games for the PS2 as well; the ridiculous system Yukes developed for &quot;Smackdown!&quot; makes me feel like I'm playing Mortal Kombat instead of wrestling.  The AKI system provides the best wrestling simulation of all games.  The movement is accurate and believable, and the reaction the characters have after hurting a particular body part makes for a good wrestling experience.  I also particularly like the fact that there is no &quot;health bar&quot; on the AKI games.  This gives the game more of a &quot;give and take&quot; feel.
P.S. The review says that I gave it a 5, but I can't change it for some reason. I'd actually give it a 2.Ugh, this game gets boring really fast. Not only that, but it's just plain mediocre. Don't even bother.
I love this game its soooooooo good I play it all the time. Alot of the stuff in this is better then No Mercy that game is great to I love both of them but all the people and stuff is great I love this game BUY it!
I purchased this game recently through Amazon by a 3rd party seller. It is the "original" game, not the re-released jewel case XS version. It worked flawlessly on my XP. The game is great if you enjoy puzzles (most weren't too difficult to solve)and a good story line. The graphics are old compared to more recent games, but who cares? It was good fun, & I will play it again (unlike other games). I definately recommend it!
I am mourning the slow death of the Adventure Genre.  I remember when Sierra was pumping out incredible adventure games at a very impressive rate...............seemingly successful ones too.  However Sierra is for all practical purposes dead in the Adventure world(see KQ:mask of eternity).  Sadly Gabriel Knight(the best series ever in my opinion), Quest for Glory(second best series) and the rest of their catalogue will probably never get to see the light of day again(unless they get worked into a quake installment somehow lol).This lack of productivity in the genre left me searching for older games in the field that I had never played.  I found Sanitarium online for relatively cheap and ordered it........I was not dissapointed........It is by far one of the most imaginative storylines I've come across.  The gameplay is perhaps too easy for the most part, though there are some moderately tough puzzles to figure out.  And while the voice acting ranges from horrible(unfortunately the lead is the horrible part of it) to slightly above average(the children of chapter two were extremely creepy), it makes up for its other deficiencies  with an incredible story  .
Just plain awesome.  Top 5 material.  Game-great!  Voices-not sooo great.  But it doesnt make you not want to play anymore.  I have made it to Chapter 8 so far an am stuck on one of the puzzles.  GRRRR.  But it still keeps me a playin'  Go buy it if you love a good story to unpuzzle.  If not...go die then.
Finally Sanitarium has been re-released in a jewel case packaging ..., I could get it after so many years of looking. Beware, it does not run on XP, but it runs very well on 98/Me. The story is very intriguing and captivating. Puzzles are fairly simple, the interface is excellent with graphics and sound effects perfect. This game is a real gem, worth every penny.
This is probably one of the best adventure games of all time! It's one of the few that have made the third-person perspective work well. Your character wakes up in a Sanitarium, with a total memory loss. He has bandages on his face, and he has no idea what happened or why he's there. You can talk to the inmates, which some are humorous, others not-so-much. Once you escape the Sanitarium (this is sort of an introductory level), you will be out in the surrealistic, bizarre world, ready to look for answers.There are puzzles to solve, however they fit in nicely with the plot, and don't just seem thrown in for the sake of making a puzzle adventure. There are 13 levels in which to get passed, each stranger than the one before. These levels are eerie and alot of fun to explore. Pick up objects along the way, and don't be surprised if you find yourself in a situation where you have to do a bit of fighting to proceed. This game is very unique, with a creative plot, fantastical worlds, and weird characters. The plot is what really kept me playing, moreso than even the horror aspects of the game. Though many adventure games (especially horror ones) rely on the basic plot of &quot;the main character has amnesia...play to find out why&quot;, they are not nearly as well executed as Sanitarium is. The main charcater is very likeable, and when he gets flashes of memories, they are very beautifully done and fascinating to watch. You really do want to find out this guy's story, why he's here, and what happened to him. And instead of everything coming back to him at once, you get little hints as you get farther and farther into the game. It's almost like a jigsaw puzzle of his mind. There are moments in the plot that are quite touching, and the first time I played I even cried a couple of times. Though the game has many freaky scenes and horrific characters, overall I found the story rather moving.This is sort of a funny way to put it, but this game really made me think. Instead of the same old hum drum plots, this one has a lot of depth, and it's almost like an exploration of your own sanity as well as the character's. What I liked about Sanitarium, as opposed to some other institution-based games, is that it didn't get too technical. They sort of made light of the situations, rather than cramming disturbing, medical references down your throat. This was a game I could really sink my teeth into, and one that I wanted to play again and again. There weren't alot of long, boring cut-scenes, that make you wonder if you're watching a movie or playing a game. You really feel a part of everything in the game, instead of an outsider looking in. Call me old-fashioned, but I prefer games to be fun and there should be alot of interaction between the player and the game itself. The player should be in control...it shouldn't feel like the game is playing itself. Sanitarium passed every test that I could think of, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a sincere and enjoyable adventure game.
Man, this game was mysteriously creepy. So worth the time, money and brainwork. Makes you wish you could see all the characters faces up close~for more effect. I didnt know if I was going to be really scared or just creeped out. Creeped out won. A great story line and wonderful game for Adventures. Its about a man that has no idea where he is, why or even who he is...he just wakes up in a Sanitarium......enjoy the journey to this &quot;crazy&quot; world.
This is one of the weirdest games that I have played.  I had the whole house playing and watching.  Most entertaining!  Definitely worth it!The puzzles were pretty easy and the characters are just that!  They are CHARACTERS!
Most adventure games do not lure you in to such a haunting story with such detail and innovativeness as this one.  Others I've played, while good are more light-hearted such as the King's Quest series. Others go for laughs like Day of the Tentacle or Sam And Max Hit The Road. But this game not only skillfully delivers a chilling psychological horror, it sprinkles in gimmicks that I have not seen before in this type of game.The story literally begins in an insane asylum. You wake up, your head wrapped in bandages with no knowledge as to your identity nor why you are there. Your only clues are the inmates that gibber and bang their head against the wall and sometimes cluck like a chicken.  You slowly begin to unravel the strands of a plot, but then are catapulted into an entirely new story altogether it seems.Sanitarium throughout brings you in and out of &quot;consciousness&quot;, traveling to different landscapes , sometimes in different bodies, and yet th ewhole thing flows very cohesively. I must admit the ending was a little disappointing and predictable but it did not spoil the fun.Some of the new features include the direct-X like feel where you see a building, you enter it, and the side of the wall disappears to reveal the room you step into beyond. THis trick is very ingeneous in packing in all the areas and objects to investigate although on one of the chapters, I had a little trouble with it at one point.As with all good adventures, it made me want to rush home from work to spend another evening figuring out difficult puzzles, wading through the compelling story, and guessing just what suprise would come next...despite my reluctance to discover just where this strange little story would take me next.
I just got done with the game and though it is an older game, I quite enjoyed it. The game is plot driven and kept my interest. There were plenty of cut scenes that brought the story along and being that I bought it for 2.50 in the clearance section, I can't complain. One problem though - a technical one - if you have a ATI Raedeon card, you'll have a hard time running the game in Win XP. I tried and it kept crashing, but when I installed the game on another computer with a Nivida Card, it ran perfect with no problems. So if you have an Nivida Card and like adventure games, this is a good one.
I know, I know. There are 65 reviews for this game. Enough right? Well, even so I couldn't resist. This game is probably one of my favorites, right up there with Overclocked and Syberia. I would say MYST to but it;s a different sort of style. I am a collector of PC games so I hope I know what I am talking about.If you like creepy games that force you to use your mind, and not just for the puzzles, then you will adore this game.I love anything to do with the mind, especially when the mind goes haywire! So I love them more when they have to do with Mental Asylems, now refered to these days as Sanitariums(hint hint). Everything in this game, every little detail, has to do with the main characters struggle with memory loss, confusion, loss of indentity and questions about how reliable his sanity really may be.When you play this game, don't just focus on the graphics displaying seemingly nonsensical surroundings, or the voice acting carrying cries over a setting to help set the modd. Also focus on the meaning behind the objects around you, behind the cries and behind the forms Max(main character) takes during gameplay, because they all have a deep meaning for the character.The controls take a little getting used to but after awhile they become second nature and the game is so worth getting used to the controls. This is a definite 'worth your money' game! The graphics aren't 'amazing' but nor are they bad. Hope you get to enjoy this game!
What a weird game this is. It had been gathering dust in my closet for at least a year untill I sort of felt in the mood for playing it. This was because the content seemed a bit bloody, but most of all because the controls seemed annoying. You have to move your character by holding the right mousebutton all the time, and that doesn't relieve you of any slumbering RSI.But what a challenging and hauntingly beautiful game this turned out to be! The puzzles are very well integrated into the story, but it is foremost the story itself that earns the five stars. You have to wander through several worlds that are so very, very weird they will stretch your imagination to the limit. The plot unfolds itself nicely, and will keep surprising you.Some of the worlds (or dreams, or visions, or whatever) took getting used to, but how rewarding it all was. The story will keep you awake, and follow you in months to come after you've finished Sanitarium.On the graphics side, well, they are a bit outdated, but they are still eyecandy. An amazing colourpalette is used, it just looks great. The cutscenes are black and white, just in keep with the atmosphere of the game.And there's the humour. This game had me laughing out loud many times, quite a feat sonsidering the gory content of the game. Although gory, well, it's not for the fainthearted. Imagine having to push a corpse in an oven to be able to solve a puzzle... But is is always done with wit.Sanitarium is a masterpiece, both in concept and in content. It ranks right up there with my other alltime favourits like Myst, Riven, Journeyman Project 3 and Beyond Atlantis.
I got this cause a friend of mine wanted it I never played it or anything. He stated it worked fine and he liked it and it was as fun as he remembered however that it was also really difficult which he didn't remember. So if you remember this game you might like it. I can't say for sure but he would have probably rated this 5 stars.
I have had this game since it came out and I absolutely love it. I am a gamer and this is still the first game I install on ever pc I get. I have beat this game about 20+ times and still love it. It is easy to play, scary, and just all around fun. This is one of my favorite games and I would say one of the top scariest games of all time. Although playing it when it first came out with it having great graphics for the time totally made it more scary then now with games with far better graphics. But still a game to be played. I would suggest this game to hardcore gamers and casual gamers alike.
If you have little children who enjoy the Rugrats believe me they,ll love this game. My kids are ages 6yrs to 10yrs old and this game has provided hours and hours of fun. I never heard my  kids laughing and cheering each other on so much, until I purchased this game for them.
We have all played Civ 2, because this is a winner of all the games so far. The Gold edition goes step beyond. Principally it hasn't changed, but it has extras, and a lot of them. I must mention a lot of different  scenarios, possibilities to make your own scenarios (yes, not just maps!)  and a huge manual, which describes virtually everything. We (Civ 2  fans)will again sit for hours in front of our gray boxes with red eyes and  if anyone will look at us will shortly realize that we are completely  insane. If I may phrase one famous cartoon character:'What will we do  tomorrow night?' 'The same thing we do every night: Try to take over the  world!'.
The civilization 2 gold does what most other gold eiditions do.  Takes the game and makes a few changes and this one gives to a nice instrution booklet.  In civilization you start with simple settlers and build a city.  You must build  units to protect those cities and city advangements to keep  your people happy.  Later in the game you meet other civilizations and can  either become allies and trade technologies or enimies and try and take  over your oppents teritory and cities.  This is a game that I would  recommend for everybody.
(This review applies to the PC version.)Let's be clear up front about one thing: this is an OLD game. By PC standards, it's geriatric. It's not going to show off the powers of your new ACME 3D EYE BLEEDER CARD or wow you with the way it exploits the quadrophonic features of your WIDGET EAR PUNCTURER 3000.When the &quot;Civ&quot; license fragmented into &quot;Test of Time&quot; and &quot;Call To Power&quot;, these both made (at least some) improvements on the graphics and sound (particularly CTP). So why do people (like me) keep Civ II on their hard drive after so many years? It's the game, baby.It's a system of rules which is simple, elegant and addictive. It has a somewhat intuitive--and relatively large--technology tree. It feels right. It mostly works right. (Some of the AI is pathetic but I've yet to find a game where that isn't the case.) It's easy to learn but constantly challenging.And the rules are =balanced=. Both CTP and TOT made changes to the rules that either made things murkier or threw the game way out of balance.Did I mention that this is a =long= game? Even a short Civ game is long. Unbalanced rules in Civ mean that the last 12 hours you spent building your civilization went to waste because your opponent developed an uber-unit. It's no wonder some people were ready to burn their copies of CTP or TOT.Civ II doesn't have that. If your civilization gets off the ground at all, you're going to be aware of most of the potential threats. You can throw it all away with carelessness, but not because the game put you in an impossible spot. You can lose ground due to a surprise, but you can regroup and counter.And you can play it so many ways. You can be the conqueror, the scientist, the diplomat, et cetera.In some ways, it's a fragile game, given how easily attempts to alter the rules have thrashed it. It remains to be seen if even Sid Meier (HimSelf) can improve on this formula with the upcoming Civilization III.Now: You can get the regular or you can get the gold. The Gold adds improved multiplayer support and all the scenarios. For myself, I don't much care for the scenarios. And as the game progresses each turn takes increasing amounts of time: Maybe not ideal for multiplayer. (Some people dig it, though.) So you may want to save a buck or two and get the vanilla.But you can't really go wrong with this game. If you like computer strategy games at all, this is a must-have.
This second Sid Meyer's game is absolutely one of the best computer games that has ever been made. I at first was completely dumbfounded by the whole nature of the game but gradually learned how it was done and now I absolutely love this game.You start in the year 6000 B.C. as a single settler and found your capital city and then as you start building warriors (At the beginning of the game, your civilization is primitive and tribal), explore the continent and found new cities to expand your civilization's borders.As the game goes on, settlers, military units will inevidently encounter individuals from other civilizations. Be very careful though because you may have no idea of the other civilizations are friendly, neutral, or hostile so be prepared for anything. After that, there are many options for forging alliances between civilizations and playing the game by dove politics or world domination and conquering the entire planet!! I once in fact did just that, conquer the entire planet on this game!This game comes with 28 Wonder of The WOrld some of which aren't really all that much to write home about except to raise your city (cities) to the Top 5 list but others however will benifit your civilization for the rest of the game. Three architectural styles also are in this game as well. My favorite style is the old fashioned Medievel castles(Pre-industrialization) styles especially when playing the VIkings, English, Spanish, or the Germans. I do love though the big cities by the end and are amazing to look at.The graphics even if a bit crude by todays standards are really amazing even by 1996 standards. The music is mostly ho-hum in my opinion but at least you can run the game without the CD-ROM which is a big plus if you want to listen to a music CD while playing! The game runs quite well on my computer even if the computer is of an older model and I've never experienced any bugs while playing.Watch your civilization evolve from a one-village tribe to a gargantuan military empire over the 'years' and have a swell time! For all we know, it would be useful if there was a magic trick that could transfigure one into a pocketwatch because once you start playing, you just might end up losing track of time and will be playing for hours on end.Sid Meyers truly created a timeless game for all ages. A pity the third installment came nowhere close to this.
I've used both Unreal Tournament and Quake 3 Arena extensively, and Unreal Tournament definitely comes out on top.  In my experience, Unreal Tournament gets much higher framerates, yet has far more beautiful graphics than Quake 3 Arena could ever hope to achieve, even on the highest settings (I've tried).  With an extensive array of 3rd party addons available online ..., Unreal Tournament's gameplay is endless.
If you are comparing this to Quake 3, then take note that the level design in UT is much better, and this keeps the game very interesting. Q3 levels seem cramped in comparison. This game totally surprised me at how addictive  it is.
Unreal Tournament is one great game!  As far as first person shooters are concerned on the Mac, UT is the champion!  Great graphics, great gameplay... this game has it all.  I originally used this on my iMac 233mhz with a Gamewizard Voodoo2 card installed and it ran fantastic.  Now I'm on the same iMac, but with a 466mhz processor and averaging 40+ frames per second on the game!  There is no real storyline here, but this isn't the type of game that requires one.  This is all about pure action!  The levels that come bundled in with Unreal Tournament are great, but once you start to add on 3rd party levels from the Internet, the game really takes flight.  I have found some incredibly detailed levels that will keep you engrossed for hours on end!  If you want a fun game that can even be played across the Internet then Unreal Tournament is the game for you!
Unreal Tournament is a game where you, blow guts up! You pick from lots of different species and skins! There is different cool kinds of gameplay in it! There is Tournament Deathmatch, Tournament Team Deathmatch, Domination, Assision, Capture The Flag, or Last Man Standing, all have like at least 10 different maps to play. Tournament Deathmatch, Tournament Team Deathmatch, and Last Man Standing is all the same maps. Tournament Deathmatch-Basically, blow anyone up that is standing! Tournament Team Deathmatch-You play 4 teams, Green, Blue, Red, and Gold, blow up the other team! Domination-You have to teams, Red and Blue, and you try to get 3 different places, and if you get 1 plus what ever you put deaths on, you win. Asission- Two teams, one defending a base, or a object, one trying to destory it. If you can do it, then the other team gets the same time as you, and face off. -Capter the flag, two teams, red and blue and trying to get the other team's flag, but it's hard because it's way back in the other base, try to survive, almost imposible. So many points of getting the flag to your base, and you win! Last Man Standing-you get every weapon but two, and try to kill each other, you get a certain number of lives that you choose. You also get 200 live!All that plus 13 different weapons!~Chainsaw-You only get this if you check, "Chainsaw Melee" and you can rip other peoples head off!~Translocater-You need to check "Translocater" to get this, you basically teleport, and if you teleport really close to someone, you can kill them by, "Telefraggin' them!~Impact Hammer-No ammo, you always have this, if you go by someone with this, you can shoot guts everywhere!~Enforcer-Like a hand gun, you start out with this gun and 30 ammo.~Biosluge Gun-You take a gun, and use toxic sluge to kill people, warning, it can kill you too!~ASMD Shock Rifle-You use a eletrick shock rifle to kill people!~Pulse Gun-Like ASMD Shock Rifle, but more shooting, more ammo, and it's green not blue shooting.~Ripper-A gun take shoots razor blades out!~Minigun-A gun that is very weak, but shoots out like 50 bullets in 2 seconds!~Flak Cannon-Lots of little, or one big yellow shock ball hits you, does huge damage.~Rocket Loncher-Shot out lots of rocket with this rocket loncher!~Sniper Rifle-Get a closer view on this! Shoot the head, it "pops" out!~Redeemer-A super-rocket loncher, shoots out 1 mini nuclear bomb!Now, how could you resist this, plus you can go online and play, make or download maps, skins, and get version 436!Grapics/Looking Animation, great job on this one! 10/10Fun, what can't be fun about this game?! 10/10Gameplay/Movieplay, it lasts a long time. 9.5/10Sound, I don't like the music that much. 4/10Overall, you NEED to get this game! 9/10 which is awesome on my scale, and a big 5 stars at amazon.com!
Have you heard enough about which one is better, Quake III or UT? I know I have. So what do you get, out of the box, when you invest in UT? Its a winner, I tell you that right away. Lets see ... 10 cool weapons, each  with two attack modes to keep it all a tad more interesting than just point  and shoot. You may actually end up developing something resembling a  personal style with these. Especially interesting is the Translocator,  which in addition to being a nice transportation device allows you to beam  yourself right into your opponents carcasses&Ntilde;effectively ripping them  asunder, of course. Clean me up Scotty!If you arent all that crazy  about online games, UT does live up to its claim of being a killer  single-player experience: the bots, boring as they look (except for the  very goth Necris, I think), will keep you entertained and on your toes. The  AI is purty adroit: true, bots dont play like human players, but these  digital playpals get close. They use all weapons and gadgets very  efficiently, go everywhere you go (no cozy endless sniping here), and I  SWEAR that during one Capture-the-Flag game I was ambushed by one waiting  right outside my home base as I rushed after the enemy flag bearer, who had  cleverly activated his personal shield specifically for this maneuver.  Doh!If you do get bored, you can still tweak just about every aspect  of the game from individual bot intelligence, behavior and weapons  preferences to special mutators for the matches (Want sniper rifles only?  No problem). UT boasts 50 maps, a lot of which are simply breathtaking&Ntilde;Ill  never forget the first time I was standing on the dizzying height of a  space station tower with Jupiter filling the sky and its moons wheeling  around above my head. You may even catch the occasional shooting star (no,  really&Ntilde;just before that nasty sniper feels that youve been standing in one  place long enough). Imagine fighting on board a spaceship zipping through  hyperspace ... or a galleon on moonlit seas ... or in an Egyptian tomb ....  whoa dude!UT adds two new game concepts to the traditional menu: in  Domination you and your team (the bots, by the way, are very responsive  during team play, too) need to hold a number of designated control points  as long as possible in order to win, and in Assault you actually have a  number of&Ntilde;naturally destructive&Ntilde;mission objectives to fulfil  (e.g. storm  the facility, take out gizmo A to get to gizmo B and blow that up too),  after which the tables turn and your team takes the defending side.Oh,  and one thing (and my only Quake III - UT comparison): the bots in UT talk  their acknowledgements, comments, and taunts, and theyre pretty  nasty&Ntilde;quite unlike the witty and urbane remarks of the Quake bots you see  printed on the screen. You might get provoked into anger and violence,  burning to shove their smart  quips back down their throats. You dont mind  that, do you?But you may want to put on the headphones while your kids  are around ... or your parents.
Another multiplayer FPS, UT offers modes ranging from f-f-a blast fests to team based combat missions. This game has something for everyone, including tutorial levels for those just starting out. Excellent graphics and top-notch production value round-out this gem, but it is definitley not for the under 12 group. this game has a whopping 50 levels and 4 ways to play:Deathmatch,(my personal favorite)Assault,Domination,and Capture-the-Flag.It is backed by aweb site that hosts a bevy of online tournaments (hence the name,DUH!!)and offers patches,tips,and chat with other gamers.If you haven't played it yet I sugggest you try it and kiss that thing you used to have called a social life good-bye.
I am apalled at some of the negative reviews on this game. It combines spectacular graphics(It was built on the Unreal engine, so what else would you expect?) and a totally engrossing storyline. If you have a good top end graphics card that supports Direct 3d, then you are in for a spectacular journey in this game.  The direct 3D mode of this game is absolutely breathtaking  especially in certain levels. I have experienced no sluggishness at all with my Riva Tnt 2 Pro video card(a top end video card that is excellent).  However those who choose to use the low end cards like the entire Voodoo series(the yugos of computer video cards), will not enjoy this or any other game because of all the sluggishness those cards produce frequently.  I fully recommend this game to anyone who like me has waited for a a perfect blend of Role playing and fps games.  The playabilty of this game is wonderful and it is a fun, challenging game as well.  Enjoy!
I always wanted to give this game a try but never did purchase the game. It always had very good reviews and perked my interest as a WoT fan. Gamespy recently put it in their top 25 underrated games, it was in the top 10, so I tried to hunt down a copy. Atari still sells it directly from their site.This is an awesome FPS game, one of the best I've played and I've played them all. Great story, and great graphics given the game's age. Better game then Half Life in my opinion.Game play is awesome and very strategic. You need to conserve your resources and use them wisely and you are given many options for getting through the levels. The level design is another awesome aspect of the game, the levels are extemely well designed and beautiful.I was surprised how good the AI was. There are quirks and expolitable situations but I don't remember playing a game recently that had AI as good as WoT. The enemies are very agressive.For the price you can get the game for from Atari, its a steal.I was almost surprised to see the few negative reviews here, but none of them really give an indepth review of the game. Of course its expected that some WoT fans would be disappointed but as a fan myself I feel Legend did the right thing. They did not try to adapt the existing books to the game, they merely used the world Jordan created and did a great job of it.This is an FPS, through and through. Its not an RP game, though it does a great job in story telling. Piece of advice, keep CD2 in the drive while playing the game or you will miss the movies that explain much of the plot and add a lot of atmosphere. I noticed a few reviewers seemed to miss the thread of the story and most likely its because they missed the movies. You need to have QuickTime installed to see the movies, provided on the game's cd though its an old version. Movies ran fine with QT6 on my machine. You can also run a setup from CD2 and install the music and movies to your hard drive. (Yes, this means you can run the game without having the cd in the drive, this feature really dates the game.)What can I say, I thoroughly enjoyed this game and I'm kicking myself for not having playing it in 1999/2000. On a P4 3ghz, ATI Radeon 9700 Pro on WinXP the game runs perfectly. The version available from Atari does not need any patching, they're already applied.
It is a great computer game and this commander pack is the elite version of total annihilation.  The strategy guide included was super cool, and I read it often.  If you want the beginning of RTS games, this is it!
This game was originally released 13 years ago, and is still going strong. It has two official and several player generated expansions, as well as loads of additional units, and buildings.One thing that really seperates this game from other RTS games is the Commander. In this game, there are several units that can create buildings, and all of these can create many buildings that the Commander cannot. But the Commander is the most important unit in the game. Because, like the king in chess, if you lose your Commander, you lose the game. But don't expect a chess game. This game has everything from light laser towers, and small crawling bombs to stealth fighters, and nuclear warheads.You can play either of two sides. Each side has its advantages, and disadvantages. But, most of the units have a comparable enemy counterpart. There are dozens of missions per side in the original game alone, plus many skirmish maps. When you add in the two expansions that come in the Commander Pack, you add loads of campaign missions, and several more skirmish maps. The replay value is extremely high, just from these features.And then there is the still massive online community. Test your skill against many awesome players. Make friends, and download user created maps, units, and even expansions.All in all, if you like Real Time Strategy games, you can't miss with this one.
Battle Tactics, the second expansion pack of the game (not a separate version) is a missions expansion pack featuring a LOT of stand-alone, separate missions (in other words, not part of a larger story).  The missions are split into three (if I remember correctly) categories based on approximate time needed to complete them.  Not all the missions are short.I played Total Annihilation (and its expansion packs) for approximately 3 years.  One of my favorite games of all time.  A classic that any fan of RTS games will enjoy.There is STILL an active community online, and many, many user-made mods and extra units.
I've owned a copy of the original T.A. almost since it's release in late 97. At first glance it's nothing special but then again that's what I said when I first got a copy for Christmas in 98. I've been playing solidy ever since and loving every minute of it. Sadly Cavedog Interactive (the company that made T.A.) went under at the turn of the milennium. Thus finding a copy of the game is increasingly difficult. If anyone can get their hands on a copy then I say go for the gusto and look for all the extras that Cavedog and the Boneyards left scattered around online. There's a downloadable map, mission, and unit editor. I've seen countless map packs and unit packs online. There's no end to the fun with this game! The campaign mode and storyline is solid. I can't stop with the praise for this game. Grab a copy and start playing.
A friend of my bought a game at a store and returned it because his computer couldn't handle the requirements. So he returned it but couldn't get money back, so he got this game. After having for a month, he finally started to play it and that was it. In the end, another friend and myself started getting together three times a week playing this game for over 2 years straight against each other. I have probably played over 10,000 battles. And you can download free units and maps over the internet. Very cool. The game is very fast paced with many buildings, units, and other weapons. I still play this game to this day as do my friends. I recommend this game to everyone and I hope that they make the sequel.
Since I first bought this game, I've gone through three computers - a PII, a PIII, and a P4. Now I'm still playing this classic on my dual-core, and its just as fun as ever.I don't care if the graphics don't wow me, or if the score is old and familiar like the Marx Brothers' "Duck Soup", or if the sound effects were designed for a SoundBlaster in 1998, the game is FUN.This is a rare RTS that can accomodate any general's strategy. You can focus on air power, artillery, tank rushes, infantry rushes, naval bombardment, airdrops... you name it, you can do it.C&C; Generals has a "strategy center" that allows you to "hold the line" or "bombard" or "search and destroy". But Total Annihilation does it better, and without spending 2,500 credits building a "Strategy Center".Seriously, this game is great if you just want to kill half an hour, or if you need an all-night gaming session.
Awesome, Scary, Nitty Gritty, Isolation, Desperation, Some Music's very beautiful, Some's very ugly(in a good way) uhh Scary, Fun! Play in a dark room at night, alone or with your pet!
Wow... I was fourteen when I played this... 2004... sure, the PS2 was out for three years already and there were other scary games out at that time, but I was a little underprivilaged with my game systems. I had a PS1, and there were a SLEW of really good PS1 games out that I could afford. So I started my collection. I had played Syphon Filter once, so I thought I could handle everything. I went to a yard sale and saw this game sitting on a table for ten dollars. I thought, "Sure, I can handle this." The guy said, "It's really scary, are you sure?" He looked at my mother, then to me. I looked at my mother, then to the guy, and confidently said, "I can handle it. I've watched Hellraiser, Nightmare on Elm Street," ect.... I was full of my teenage self. Well, we got home and I put this in my PS1. From the very instant I removed the CD and saw, in the case, to menacing eyes glaring at me, I knew something was up. I put in the game, saw the warning, thought, "Oh, it MAY contain graphic scenes? Big deal. It's like... melted lego block graphics. I can handle it."The game starts with your character waking from a crash in a foggy town. You walk around until you see the shadow of your daughter in the distance. You chace her through the fog and snow but can't seem to catch up. She heads into an alley way. YOu go down. THere's a fence that says, "Beware of Dog." I was thinking, "Well, I need to find a weapon." I look in my inventory and all I have is a lighter. I cannot attack and I cannot do anything with the lighter... "Okay, let's go inside. Maybe there will be a gun there?"No... Only blood... lots and lots of blood... "Okay, let's do this." I say as I press forward. The camera pans overhead as I proceed down the darkening allyway. I go farther, see more blood... bodies... a lone wheelchair... darkness... I get to use my lighter now to give off faint light... deeper deeper... More fences and blood... no point in turning back... The music is insinuating that maybe I am making a bad decision... but it's too late now... And then I see it... and the end of the long alley way, a twisted mauled bodies hangs crucified and motionless. "Okay... that's bad... maybe I can..." I turn my character around and from the inky darkness looms small child-like shapes. THey come at me with knives and squeal in some sort of backwards laugh... They stab me in the knees and I CANNOT ATTACK. I look for weapons, I click on everything, I run back, dead end... they crowd around me, three or four or five or infinity... I don't know, I'm panicked and screaming at the screen, "WHY THE HELL? WHAT THE HELL? WHEN THU-WHAT THU-THROW ME A BONE!"Then I die. I turn of my console and put this at the bottom of my stack. This game made me it's bitch. FOr a year I did not tackle it. Then My mother urged me to play it (She is a horror movie fan and wanted to see the outcome, but was too much of a wuss to play it herself) so I did, died again, and then waited... I was SUPPOSED TO DIE AT THE BEGINNING! Way to psyche me out game.The game is fun, engaging, and frustrating. The puzzles are challenging without being inpossible. The graphics aren't pretty, but they set the tone for the game PERFECTLY!You have a kid that loves horror games and movies, give them this. Sure, they may complain about the graphics, but after a little while, they will not be able to tell the difference. In a few moments the game will be playing them, getting into their head and messing with them as they try to dig deeper into the game. Yeah... it's that kind of game. YOu do not play this game, it plays you.
There are many excellent survival horror games on the market, but there are very few games as disturbing as Silent Hill. Whilst playing, there are moments when you will be completely freaked out by the bizarre and nightmarish things that are happening to your character Harry Mason, as the game charts his search for his missing daughter, lost after a car accident in the deserted town of Silent Hill. Don't expect an easy time in this game, the town is filled with horrific beasts and apparitions, which will chase and attack you. As in most games of this nature, you're aim is to explore the eerie town and delve deeper into its secrets by solving puzzles (usually morbid or goulish in nature!) and collect ammunition and weapons to help you survive the onslaught. But even during the quiet moments, the sense of dread is so realistic that you will be completely drawn in to the game. The story is bizarre to say the least, and often very distressing. Even the &quot;best ending&quot; to the game (there are several) is downbeat and elegiac. It might sound like I am exaggerating about things here, but I can clearly remember several sections of the game when there was nothing to do but panic, a feeling that no other game has since produced. Some events in the game are completely surreal, with strange noises and phantom figures appearing with no explanation, the result being that playing Silent Hill is like living inside someone's nightmare. This game should be experienced by everyone brave enough to take the challenge.
Silent Hill. What can you say? I remember being so excited to get this back in February of 1999. The commercials on tv looked really good and I loved the first 2 Resident Evil games that were out at the time.This game is NOT a Resident Evil clone. There is no item management. It reminds me more of Clock Tower than Resident Evil. The environments look excellent with the fog and it only ups the tension. When it changes to night or dark, the game just gets better.The so called "clunky" action is perfect. Harry is not a S.T.A.R.S. member or trained with a gun, so why would he be a perfect shot? We normal people certainly wouldn't.It's obvious the creators love the horror genre...all the streets are named after famous horror and science fiction authors, there are movies references (Psycho is the only one I'll give you...the hotel...the final staircase...oh come on go watch a classic movie, people!)Highly recommend this as only Resident Evil 2 is a better representation of the survival horror genre when it was at its peak in the late 90s.
